#EXTM3U x-tvg-url="https://kodi.botallen.com/tv/epg.xml" 
 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000975&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts840" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56386-kfc14w60-v4/imageContent-56386-kfc14w60-m4.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Shirdi Sai Baba
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/554.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000976&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts842" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56389-kfdgngts-v3/imageContent-56389-kfdgngts-m3.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Somnath Temple
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/722.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000977&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts843" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56392-kfdh2tao-v3/imageContent-56392-kfdh2tao-m4.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",ISKCON Mumbai
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3443253.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000985&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts849" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56496-kfgytl14-v3/imageContent-56496-kfgytl14-m3.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Kashi Vishwanath Temple, Varanasi
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5532394.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000129&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts121" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-405-j5jr3sz4-v2/imageContent-405-j5jr3sz4-m2.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Tata Play Fitness
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3124933.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000642&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts618" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12282-ja02jlp4-v2/imageContent-12282-ja02jlp4-m2.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Tata Play Beauty
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3399745.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000676&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts641" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-23495-jf92iycg-v3/imageContent-23495-jf92iycg-m4.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Tata Play Cooking
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/6038617.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001111&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts959" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-67692-kwmxxw08-v2/imageContent-67692-kwmxxw08-m3.png" group-title="TS null",Tata Play Romance
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1785/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000206&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts191" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-795-j5m7axrc-v1/imageContent-795-j5m7axrc-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",DD National
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3569776.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000007&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts8" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-25307-jhrhflww-v1/imageContent-25307-jhrhflww-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",STAR Plus HD
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2970531.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000258&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts244" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-6895-j6vqhqnc-v2/imageContent-6895-j6vqhqnc-m2.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Star Bharat HD
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4242467.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000015&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts15" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-43-j5fca4k0-v2/imageContent-43-j5fca4k0-m3.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",SET HD
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/19353.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000585&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts556" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12074-j9oat6qw-v5/imageContent-12074-j9oat6qw-m5.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",SET
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_125/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000047&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts48" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-141-j5fpeji0-v2/imageContent-141-j5fpeji0-m2.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",SONY SAB HD
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/10997.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000039&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts40" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-117-j5fl7440-v1/imageContent-117-j5fl7440-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",&tv HD
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/21.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000606&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts578" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12129-j9p7kluo-v2/imageContent-12129-j9p7kluo-m3.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",&TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_196/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000065&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts63" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11073-j95e7nyo-v1/imageContent-11073-j95e7nyo-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Zee TV HD
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2696484.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000586&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts557" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12077-j9ob4gm0-v2/imageContent-12077-j9ob4gm0-m2.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Zee TV
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2719036.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000051&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts52" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-155-j5frd2uo-v1/imageContent-155-j5frd2uo-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Colors HD
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2057298.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000574&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts543" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12053-j9o3yhko-v1/imageContent-12053-j9o3yhko-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Colors
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4074.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000096&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts95" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-304-j5ji9otc-v2/imageContent-304-j5ji9otc-m2.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Tata Play Javed Akhtar
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2220379.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001094&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts943" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65443-kty2tkwo-v2/imageContent-65443-kty2tkwo-m2.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Tata Play Videshi Kahaniyan
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1774/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000152&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts142" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-475-j5jx44s8-v1/imageContent-475-j5jx44s8-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",UTV Bindass
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3553587.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000662&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts633" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-49002-k5cch1cg-v2/imageContent-49002-k5cch1cg-m5.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Investigation Discovery
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4696602.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000643&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts619" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12285-ja1e8580-v3/imageContent-12285-ja1e8580-m3.png" group-title="TS Shopping",Naaptol
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_647/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000664&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts634" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-21303-je858doo-v2/imageContent-21303-je858doo-m2.png" group-title="TS Shopping",Ezmall
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_872/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000581&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts551" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12060-j9o91vfc-v2/imageContent-12060-j9o91vfc-m2.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",STAR Utsav
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4101.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000457&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts438" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11703-j9ksw12o-v2/imageContent-11703-j9ksw12o-m2.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Colors Rishtey
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4085.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000053&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts54" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-150-j5frd0jc-v3/imageContent-150-j5frd0jc-m5.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",The Q
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2100177.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000312&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts297" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11266-j9j2spmg-v1/imageContent-11266-j9j2spmg-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Big Magic
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/250.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000052&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts51" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-158-j5frd560-v2/imageContent-158-j5frd560-m3.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Dangal
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2100163.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000196&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts180" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-765-j5m2mbjk-v2/imageContent-765-j5m2mbjk-m2.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Anjan TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_370/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000917&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts817" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-52874-k9afcvs0-v2/imageContent-52874-k9afcvs0-m6.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",DD Retro
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2960270.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000918&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts818" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-52945-ka1wdss8-v2/imageContent-52945-ka1wdss8-m2.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Shemaroo TV
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2894730.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001036&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts888" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-60986-klq1vs5s-v2/imageContent-60986-klq1vs5s-m5.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Ishara
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1300/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000344&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts326" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11350-j9jpk8pk-v1/imageContent-11350-j9jpk8pk-m1.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",DD Kisan
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1454898.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000896&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts808" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-49809-k7454ppk-v3/imageContent-49809-k7454ppk-m6.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Tata Play Hits
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2292664.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000532&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts502" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11927-j9l5h5ko-v2/imageContent-11927-j9l5h5ko-m2.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Zee Cafe HD
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_835/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000623&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts602" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12213-j9qm0d4w-v2/imageContent-12213-j9qm0d4w-m2.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Zee Cafe
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_184/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000201&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts187" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1577-j5xrm7fc-v1/imageContent-1577-j5xrm7fc-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Colors Infinity HD
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3535150.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000573&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts544" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-18305-jcqmvp7s-v1/imageContent-18305-jcqmvp7s-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Colors Infinity
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_202/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000876&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts789" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-48748-k4jbpl00-v2/imageContent-48748-k4jbpl00-m3.png" group-title="TS Movies",Tata Play Hollywood Local
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2631160.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000661&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts632" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-19212-jd2xwa4w-v1/imageContent-19212-jd2xwa4w-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",Star GOLD HD
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1493766.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000277&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts245" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-9820-j85ijtd4-v1/imageContent-9820-j85ijtd4-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",STAR GOLD HD
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2554653.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000076&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts80" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-243-j5fyl2f4-v2/imageContent-243-j5fyl2f4-m2.png" group-title="TS Movies",SONY MAX HD
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2630631.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000141&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts132" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-441-j5jt3mmg-v2/imageContent-441-j5jt3mmg-m2.png" group-title="TS Movies",SONY MAX
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3145102.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000705&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts666" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-31419-jmb48u74-v3/imageContent-31419-jmb48u74-m4.png" group-title="TS Movies",Tata Play Theatre HD
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2490652.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000528&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts503" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11915-j9l5clzs-v1/imageContent-11915-j9l5clzs-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",Zee Cinema HD
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2051464.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000131&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts123" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11027-j8yjr8k0-v1/imageContent-11027-j8yjr8k0-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",Zee Cinema
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2648345.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000193&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts175" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-31233-jli1wlvc-v1/imageContent-31233-jli1wlvc-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",Zee Bollywood
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3253299.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000783&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts727" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-42199-jxh2zlj4-v1/imageContent-42199-jxh2zlj4-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",Zee Classic
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3771185.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000281&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts267" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11173-j9hth720-v1/imageContent-11173-j9hth720-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",&pictures HD
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2644033.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000162&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts148" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-499-j5jydp7s-v1/imageContent-499-j5jydp7s-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",&pictures
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3569786.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000720&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts677" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-34170-jok0hf00-v7/imageContent-34170-jok0hf00-m8.PNG" group-title="TS Movies",Tata Play ShortsTV
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3861892.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000056&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts61" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-183-j5fsqz5c-v2/imageContent-183-j5fsqz5c-m2.png" group-title="TS Movies",Colors Cineplex HD
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4092383.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000054&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts53" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-149-j5frd0jc-v2/imageContent-149-j5frd0jc-m2.png" group-title="TS Movies",Colors Cineplex
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2100168.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000785&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts730" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-43104-jxzls8yw-v2/imageContent-43104-jxzls8yw-m2.png" group-title="TS Movies",B4U Kadak
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_957/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000106&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts100" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11024-j8yix4g8-v1/imageContent-11024-j8yix4g8-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",Zee Action
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2122476.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000061&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts56" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-198-j5fsr7mw-v2/imageContent-198-j5fsr7mw-m2.png" group-title="TS Movies",SONY WAH
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1478882.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000006&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts7" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-18-j5f9ui8g-v1/imageContent-18-j5f9ui8g-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",B4U Movies
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2985036.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000128&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts120" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-402-j5jq1gko-v2/imageContent-402-j5jq1gko-m2.png" group-title="TS Movies",SONY MAX 2
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2974465.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000207&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts194" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-798-j5m7esnc-v3/imageContent-798-j5m7esnc-m10.png" group-title="TS Movies",Enterr10 Movies
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2630915.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000311&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts296" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11263-j9j1tch4-v1/imageContent-11263-j9j1tch4-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",Bflix Movies
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2492508.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000064&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts64" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11090-j95hdh6o-v1/imageContent-11090-j95hdh6o-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",Zee Anmol Cinema
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2700571.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000935&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts823" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-53943-kblsqraw-v1/imageContent-53943-kblsqraw-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Dhinchaak
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2649885.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000793&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts731" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-43106-jxzlt6x4-v2/imageContent-43106-jxzlt6x4-m7.png" group-title="TS Movies",Manoranjan TV
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2860708.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001118&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts965" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-67799-kx7m7rhc-v1/imageContent-67799-kx7m7rhc-m2.png" group-title="TS null",Manoranjan Grand
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/237247.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000191&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts173" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-748-j5l5fnts-v1/imageContent-748-j5l5fnts-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",Movies Now
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_235/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000248&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts234" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1017-j5ngpo2g-v1/imageContent-1017-j5ngpo2g-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",MNX
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_237/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000031&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts32" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-93-j5fjv614-v2/imageContent-93-j5fjv614-m2.png" group-title="TS Movies",SONY PIX HD
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_301/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000530&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts506" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11921-j9l5ek7k-v5/imageContent-11921-j9l5ek7k-m8.png" group-title="TS Movies",&Flix HD
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_832/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000590&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts592" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-25480-ji031jrs-v1/imageContent-25480-ji031jrs-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",&flix
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_186/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000592&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts562" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12095-j9ooixfs-v1/imageContent-12095-j9ooixfs-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",Movies Now HD
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2484389.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000217&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts210" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-826-j5m9kx5c-v1/imageContent-826-j5m9kx5c-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",MN+ HD
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1449453.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000625&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts599" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12216-j9qm5hjs-v2/imageContent-12216-j9qm5hjs-m2.png" group-title="TS Movies",MNX HD
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/220505.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000192&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts174" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-751-j5l5kb9k-v3/imageContent-751-j5l5kb9k-m3.png" group-title="TS Movies",Romedy Now
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_236/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000559&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts530" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11165-j9ht50s8-v2/imageContent-11165-j9ht50s8-m5.png" group-title="TS Movies",&Prive HD
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_431/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000236&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts223" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-941-j5mhk5fc-v1/imageContent-941-j5mhk5fc-m1.png" group-title="TS Sports",DD Sports
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2112645.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000077&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts78" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8301-j7hc0820-v1/imageContent-8301-j7hc0820-m1.png" group-title="TS Sports",Star Sports 1 HD
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4779601.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000250&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts235" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1021-j5nj3c68-v1/imageContent-1021-j5nj3c68-m1.png" group-title="TS Sports",Star Sports 2 HD
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2285199.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000020&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts24" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-60-j5fdr6a0-v1/imageContent-60-j5fdr6a0-m1.png" group-title="TS Sports",Star Sports 1 Hindi HD
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3141859.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000260&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts246" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-7891-j75vq7k0-v1/imageContent-7891-j75vq7k0-m1.PNG" group-title="TS Sports",Star Sports Select 1 HD
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4779611.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000486&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts463" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11791-j9kyqpy8-v1/imageContent-11791-j9kyqpy8-m1.png" group-title="TS Sports",Star Sports Select 2 HD
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/18038.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000082&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts81" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-261-j5fz9bvk-v3/imageContent-261-j5fz9bvk-m3.png" group-title="TS Sports",SONY TEN 1 HD
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/6381332.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000484&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts462" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11784-j9kylfd4-v1/imageContent-11784-j9kylfd4-m1.png" group-title="TS Sports",SONY TEN 2 HD
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3554785.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000485&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts464" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11787-j9kynnm0-v2/imageContent-11787-j9kynnm0-m2.png" group-title="TS Sports",SONY TEN 3 HD
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4472025.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000036&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts35" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-108-j5fl5wwg-v2/imageContent-108-j5fl5wwg-m2.png" group-title="TS Sports",SONY SIX HD
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3527862.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000907&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts812" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-52842-k980h8vc-v1/imageContent-52842-k980h8vc-m2.png" group-title="TS Sports",Eurosport HD
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5047611.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000735&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts693" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-35309-jqxwmcq0-v4/imageContent-35309-jqxwmcq0-m4.png" group-title="TS Sports",Eurosport
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4326706.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000910&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts815" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-52856-k984c4vc-v1/imageContent-52856-k984c4vc-m1.png" group-title="TS Sports",1sports
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4326721.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000337&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts322" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11333-j9joxlw8-v2/imageContent-11333-j9joxlw8-m2.png" group-title="TS News",DD News
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1691524.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000194&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts177" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-759-j5m13014-v2/imageContent-759-j5m13014-m3.png" group-title="TS News",ABP News
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2455131.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000866&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts783" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-47647-k2lbp2q8-v2/imageContent-47647-k2lbp2q8-m2.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Tata Play Seniors
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2817759.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000155&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts179" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-483-j5jx9x48-v1/imageContent-483-j5jx9x48-m1.png" group-title="TS News",NDTV India
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5400440.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000732&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts689" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-34652-jpmey8gw-v1/imageContent-34652-jpmey8gw-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Aaj Tak HD
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2463628.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000171&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts153" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-537-j5kwkd88-v1/imageContent-537-j5kwkd88-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Aaj Tak
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3970762.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000701&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts662" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-31373-jlx4j6gw-v2/imageContent-31373-jlx4j6gw-m2.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Tata Play Family Health
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3569764.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000273&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts259" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11110-j95ioyag-v1/imageContent-11110-j95ioyag-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Zee News
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903703.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000103&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts104" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8568-j7lnde80-v1/imageContent-8568-j7lnde80-m1.png" group-title="TS News",India TV
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2108734.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000224&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts209" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-849-j5m9tmf4-v1/imageContent-849-j5m9tmf4-m1.png" group-title="TS News",News 24
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3145150.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001079&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts929" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-64069-kra2o75k-v2/imageContent-64069-kra2o75k-m2.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Tata Play JEE Prep
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/303.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001078&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts928" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-64066-kra2j2qo-v2/imageContent-64066-kra2j2qo-m2.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Tata Play NEET Prep
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/292.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000107&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts106" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-339-j5jm6kko-v1/imageContent-339-j5jm6kko-m1.png" group-title="TS News",News18 India
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4326688.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000547&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts514" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11978-j9lum7d4-v1/imageContent-11978-j9lum7d4-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Zee Hindustan
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2973727.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000740&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts696" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-35599-jrm11j9c-v1/imageContent-35599-jrm11j9c-m1.PNG" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",R Bharat
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3253285.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000199&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts183" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-774-j5m3h6nk-v1/imageContent-774-j5m3h6nk-m1.png" group-title="TS News",India News
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/221.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000038&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts36" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-114-j5fl632o-v1/imageContent-114-j5fl632o-m1.png" group-title="TS News",News Nation
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3240938.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000749&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts706" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-67672-kwly0m4w-v1/imageContent-67672-kwly0m4w-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",TV9 Bharatvarsh
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/200.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000510&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts485" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11859-j9l2n36w-v2/imageContent-11859-j9l2n36w-m2.png" group-title="TS News",TOTAL TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_785/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001083&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts932" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-64606-krslbshs-v1/imageContent-64606-krslbshs-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Times Now Navbharat HD
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/793883.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001117&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts966" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-67796-kx7lokw8-v1/imageContent-67796-kx7lokw8-m3.png" group-title="TS null",Times Now Navbharat
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/237239.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000955&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts831" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-55547-kdzeosow-v3/imageContent-55547-kdzeosow-m6.png" group-title="TS News",News India 24x7
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/167779.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000499&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts475" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11831-j9kzkn40-v1/imageContent-11831-j9kzkn40-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Sudarshan News
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2642982.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000301&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts286" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-17573-jclve4rc-v1/imageContent-17573-jclve4rc-m1.png" group-title="TS News",APN News
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/22.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001101&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts950" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-66223-ku9gfjug-v1/imageContent-66223-ku9gfjug-m1.png" group-title="TS News",ET Now Swadesh
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1781/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000728&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts685" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-34516-jp9bj0qg-v4/imageContent-34516-jp9bj0qg-m4.png" group-title="TS News",India Voice
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_922/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000435&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts415" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11637-j9k0qqog-v3/imageContent-11637-j9k0qqog-m3.png" group-title="TS News",News11 Bharat
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2631009.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000434&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts414" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11634-j9k0pbr4-v1/imageContent-11634-j9k0pbr4-m1.png" group-title="TS News",News 1 India
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_658/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000382&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts344" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11467-j9jr3k80-v2/imageContent-11467-j9jr3k80-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Hindi Khabar
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_564/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000305&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts291" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11243-j9itj54w-v2/imageContent-11243-j9itj54w-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Bharat Samachar
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5402804.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000401&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts384" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11527-j9jtx9hk-v2/imageContent-11527-j9jtx9hk-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Khabarain Abhi Tak
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_596/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000463&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts441" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11719-j9ktg6ds-v2/imageContent-11719-j9ktg6ds-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Samay
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_703/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000984&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts848" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56488-kfgbqzso-v3/imageContent-56488-kfgbqzso-m5.png" group-title="TS News",Network 10
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4326676.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000745&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts701" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-37210-jswmlty0-v1/imageContent-37210-jswmlty0-m1.PNG" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Jantantra TV
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4207498.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001013&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts869" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-58484-kixj8h6o-v3/imageContent-58484-kixj8h6o-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Prime News
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1145/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000274&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts260" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11120-j95jyuao-v1/imageContent-11120-j95jyuao-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Zee Business
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903708.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000292&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts278" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11206-j9icarsw-v2/imageContent-11206-j9icarsw-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Good News Today
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2811112.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000223&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts204" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-846-j5m9p55k-v1/imageContent-846-j5m9p55k-m1.png" group-title="TS News",CNBC Awaaz
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4207514.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000216&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts213" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-825-j5m9c6c0-v2/imageContent-825-j5m9c6c0-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Sansad TV
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2231635.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000227&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts212" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-858-j5ma94ag-v2/imageContent-858-j5ma94ag-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Sansad TV - Rajya Sabha
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5708978.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000219&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts208" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-834-j5m9nrrs-v1/imageContent-834-j5m9nrrs-m1.png" group-title="TS News",NDTV 24x7
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2284312.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000509&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts547" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11853-j9l1tvhs-v4/imageContent-11853-j9l1tvhs-m5.png" group-title="TS News",Times Now World
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_779/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000095&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts90" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-303-j5ji8zco-v3/imageContent-303-j5ji8zco-m3.png" group-title="TS News",TIMES NOW
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4140.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000001&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts1" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-3-j5dkuhwo-v1/imageContent-3-j5dkuhwo-m2.png" group-title="TS News",INDIA TODAY
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1460881.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000222&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts206" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-843-j5m9oyzc-v1/imageContent-843-j5m9oyzc-m1.png" group-title="TS News",CNN News18
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2625150.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000203&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts189" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8012-j7a2doxc-v1/imageContent-8012-j7a2doxc-m1.png" group-title="TS English News",NewsX
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2630912.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000618&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts591" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12189-j9plqlf4-v1/imageContent-12189-j9plqlf4-m1.png" group-title="TS News",MIRROR NOW
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2631048.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000269&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts255" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-9000-j7rkz0m0-v1/imageContent-9000-j7rkz0m0-m1.png" group-title="TS News",WION
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3215617.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000072&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts72" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-231-j5fxh0ag-v1/imageContent-231-j5fxh0ag-m1.png" group-title="TS News",REPUBLIC TV
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2284269.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000709&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts669" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-32183-jncpr4sw-v2/imageContent-32183-jncpr4sw-m2.png" group-title="TS News",India Ahead
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_913/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000342&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts324" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11344-j9jpg7nc-v1/imageContent-11344-j9jpg7nc-m1.png" group-title="TS News",DD India
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1739512.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000318&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts304" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11284-j9j4sn4o-v2/imageContent-11284-j9j4sn4o-m2.png" group-title="TS News",CNBC TV18 Prime HD
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/167765.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000092&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts93" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-294-j5ji8n08-v1/imageContent-294-j5ji8n08-m1.png" group-title="TS News",NDTV Profit Prime
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2220352.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000002&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts2" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-6-j5f5oyqw-v2/imageContent-6-j5f5oyqw-m2.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Travel XP - 4K
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_275/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000186&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts168" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-731-j5l3muhs-v1/imageContent-731-j5l3muhs-m1.png" group-title="TS News",CNBC-TV18
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1927189.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000089&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts88" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-6904-j6vreaps-v1/imageContent-6904-j6vreaps-m1.png" group-title="TS News",ET NOW
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/184.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000257&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts243" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-4154-j69pdmvk-v1/imageContent-4154-j69pdmvk-m1.png" group-title="TS News",CNN
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1500762.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000202&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts188" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-783-j5m4qkww-v1/imageContent-783-j5m4qkww-m1.png" group-title="TS News",BBC World
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2640666.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000204&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts190" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-789-j5m5m0uw-v1/imageContent-789-j5m5m0uw-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Al Jazeera
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3524004.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000174&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts157" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-548-j5kxtaig-v1/imageContent-548-j5kxtaig-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Channel News Asia
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4098392.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000139&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts131" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-435-j5jsyz6o-v1/imageContent-435-j5jsyz6o-m1.png" group-title="TS News",France 24
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5870205.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000063&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts65" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-204-j5ftndtc-v1/imageContent-204-j5ftndtc-m1.png" group-title="TS News",TV5 Monde Asie
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2696453.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000057&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts60" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-186-j5fsr1go-v1/imageContent-186-j5fsr1go-m1.png" group-title="TS News",DW
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4092328.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000102&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts105" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-324-j5jl5hp4-v2/imageContent-324-j5jl5hp4-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Australia TV
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4292421.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000098&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts98" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-312-j5jjsfhs-v1/imageContent-312-j5jjsfhs-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Russia Today
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3240984.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000119&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts114" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1356-j5tdnwmw-v1/imageContent-1356-j5tdnwmw-m1.png" group-title="TS Kids",Disney
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4540952.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000073&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts71" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-25721-jia4i70o-v2/imageContent-25721-jia4i70o-m3.PNG" group-title="TS Knowledge",Tata Play English in Hindi
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2284234.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000442&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts433" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11658-j9k5lvgo-v1/imageContent-11658-j9k5lvgo-m1.png" group-title="TS Kids",Nick HD+
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_663/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000149&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts138" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-465-j5jw9va0-v1/imageContent-465-j5jw9va0-m1.png" group-title="TS Kids",Nick
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2284303.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000650&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts626" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-13094-jbdzlsfs-v2/imageContent-13094-jbdzlsfs-m2.png" group-title="TS Kids",Tata Play Fun Learn Preschool
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2638522.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000651&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts627" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-13097-jbdzn9og-v2/imageContent-13097-jbdzn9og-m2.png" group-title="TS Kids",Tata Play Fun Learn Junior
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1451304.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000718&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts681" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-34164-jok06xoo-v1/imageContent-34164-jok06xoo-m1.png" group-title="TS Kids",Cartoon Network HD+
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/18056.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000252&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts238" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11161-j99h67u8-v1/imageContent-11161-j99h67u8-m1.png" group-title="TS Kids",Cartoon Network
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_405/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000253&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts239" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-2694-j638bugw-v1/imageContent-2694-j638bugw-m1.png" group-title="TS Kids",Pogo
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5581049.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000126&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts119" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-24724-jgvwokqw-v1/imageContent-24724-jgvwokqw-m1.png" group-title="TS Kids",Discovery Kids
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/19335.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000135&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts127" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8018-j7a7n1a8-v1/imageContent-8018-j7a7n1a8-m1.png" group-title="TS Kids",Sonic Nickelodeon
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_169/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000044&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts45" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-132-j5fpedbs-v3/imageContent-132-j5fpedbs-m3.png" group-title="TS Kids",SONY YAY!
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_365/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001009&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts867" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57985-khvdchrs-v2/imageContent-57985-khvdchrs-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Gubbare
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1143/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001053&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts905" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62236-kny7yzaw-v1/imageContent-62236-kny7yzaw-m1.png" group-title="TS null",ETV Bal Bharat
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/190502.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000310&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts298" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11260-j9j1r154-v1/imageContent-11260-j9j1r154-m1.png" group-title="TS Kids",Baby TV HD
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5137035.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000124&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts118" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-390-j5jpps1s-v1/imageContent-390-j5jpps1s-m1.png" group-title="TS Kids",Nick Jr
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2672019.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000157&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts144" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-35368-jr3xz7xs-v1/imageContent-35368-jr3xz7xs-m1.png" group-title="TS Kids",Disney Junior
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2423338.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000915&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts816" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-52868-k9af4lxs-v1/imageContent-52868-k9af4lxs-m1.png" group-title="TS Kids",CBeeBies
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3133132.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000112&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts111" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-352-j5jmrkqw-v2/imageContent-352-j5jmrkqw-m2.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Tata Play Smart Manager
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3148177.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000185&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts167" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-703-j5l1wgco-v2/imageContent-703-j5l1wgco-m2.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Tata Play Vedic Maths
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1449417.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000631&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts605" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12234-j9qoqc54-v1/imageContent-12234-j9qoqc54-m1.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",National Geographic HD
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/32487.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000433&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts413" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11631-j9k0ndjc-v1/imageContent-11631-j9k0ndjc-m1.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Nat Geo Wild HD
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2642968.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000361&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts341" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11396-j9jq7jg0-v1/imageContent-11396-j9jq7jg0-m1.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Discovery HD World
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3085468.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000233&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts219" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-876-j5mcolzc-v2/imageContent-876-j5mcolzc-m2.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Discovery Channel
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_128/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000297&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts287" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-44915-jzuyh3w0-v1/imageContent-44915-jzuyh3w0-m1.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Animal Planet HD World
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2626161.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000138&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts130" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-432-j5jsx754-v4/imageContent-432-j5jsx754-m4.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Animal Planet
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_129/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000117&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts113" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-369-j5jo9i3s-v1/imageContent-369-j5jo9i3s-m1.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Discovery Science
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2100205.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000640&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts616" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12267-j9qx2si0-v2/imageContent-12267-j9qx2si0-m2.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",History TV18 HD
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/73.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000190&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts172" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-745-j5l54bnc-v1/imageContent-745-j5l54bnc-m1.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",History TV18
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_120/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000483&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts460" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11779-j9kx7rk0-v2/imageContent-11779-j9kx7rk0-m2.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",SONY BBC Earth HD
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4134883.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001074&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts923" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-63764-kr1kzw28-v2/imageContent-63764-kr1kzw28-m2.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",TravelXP 4K HDR
https://deltatesttatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/308733.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000134&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts126" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8017-j7a4nf20-v1/imageContent-8017-j7a4nf20-m1.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",EPIC
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_194/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000371&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts367" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11429-j9jqu3y0-v1/imageContent-11429-j9jqu3y0-m1.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",FOX Life HD
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2811124.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000508&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts480" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11858-j9l1v6k8-v3/imageContent-11858-j9l1v6k8-m4.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",TLC HD
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_780/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000145&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts135" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-453-j5jtup5s-v2/imageContent-453-j5jtup5s-m2.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",TLC
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_127/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000147&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts136" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-42020-jxb7qjw8-v1/imageContent-42020-jxb7qjw8-m1.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",GOOD TiMES
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2292677.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000242&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts228" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-967-j5mr8tw8-v1/imageContent-967-j5mr8tw8-m1.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Discovery Turbo
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3553893.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000511&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts484" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11862-j9l2p61c-v1/imageContent-11862-j9l2p61c-m1.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Travelxp HD
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2496622.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000050&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts55" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-157-j5frd4e8-v1/imageContent-157-j5frd4e8-m1.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Travelxp
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_366/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000122&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts117" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-384-j5jpj9hc-v1/imageContent-384-j5jpj9hc-m1.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Food Food
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2455096.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000403&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts382" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11544-j9ju5kvc-v2/imageContent-11544-j9ju5kvc-m3.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Zee Zest HD
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_604/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000529&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts504" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11918-j9l5dbgg-v4/imageContent-11918-j9l5dbgg-m7.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Zee Zest
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_830/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000240&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts227" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-959-j5mipsnk-v1/imageContent-959-j5mipsnk-m1.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Fashion TV
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3241367.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000426&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts406" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11610-j9jzore8-v1/imageContent-11610-j9jzore8-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",MTV HD+
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2647692.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000104&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts103" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-330-j5jl5on4-v1/imageContent-330-j5jl5on4-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",MTV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_105/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000150&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts139" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-468-j5jwdbi8-v1/imageContent-468-j5jwdbi8-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",9XM
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2240485.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000100&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts96" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-24696-jgrq09a8-v1/imageContent-24696-jgrq09a8-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",Zoom
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3240979.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000237&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts224" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-946-j5mip6a0-v1/imageContent-946-j5mip6a0-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",E24
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2057622.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000425&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts405" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11607-j9jznhvc-v1/imageContent-11607-j9jznhvc-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",MTV Beats HD
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1197.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000249&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts236" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1018-j5nhzme0-v1/imageContent-1018-j5nhzme0-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",MTV Beats
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_402/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000008&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts9" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-24-j5fb33y0-v1/imageContent-24-j5fb33y0-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",B4U Music
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3127385.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000019&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts17" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57-j5fdr2f4-v1/imageContent-57-j5fdr2f4-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",Mastiii
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3158956.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000552&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts517" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11993-j9luua9c-v1/imageContent-11993-j9luua9c-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",Zing
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/18145.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000034&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts39" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-102-j5fl5pyg-v1/imageContent-102-j5fl5pyg-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",9X Jalwa
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5061322.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000652&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts628" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-16105-jcaldhoo-v2/imageContent-16105-jcaldhoo-m5.png" group-title="TS Music",Insync
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_862/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000796&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts733" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-44228-jyzbtse0-v1/imageContent-44228-jyzbtse0-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",Showbox
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2648337.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000035&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts38" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-105-j5fl5t1k-v1/imageContent-105-j5fl5t1k-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Aastha
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3240929.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000041&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts43" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-123-j5fnf1fc-v1/imageContent-123-j5fnf1fc-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Sanskar
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2679655.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000362&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts346" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11398-j9jq9xv4-v1/imageContent-11398-j9jq9xv4-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Disha TV
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/567173.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000465&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts446" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11725-j9kw030w-v3/imageContent-11725-j9kw030w-m3.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Paras TV
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4594258.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000420&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts397" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11590-j9jyx4so-v1/imageContent-11590-j9jyx4so-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",MH One Shraddha
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2051386.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000472&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts447" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11746-j9kwfmfs-v2/imageContent-11746-j9kwfmfs-m2.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Sadhna TV
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4119911.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000405&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts385" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11547-j9ju62m8-v3/imageContent-11547-j9ju62m8-m3.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Sharnam TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_605/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000444&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts420" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11664-j9kcouh4-v1/imageContent-11664-j9kcouh4-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Peace of Mind
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2051407.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000393&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts373" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11507-j9jto5k0-v1/imageContent-11507-j9jto5k0-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Jinvani Channel
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3800634.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000302&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts288" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11236-j9iev7qg-v1/imageContent-11236-j9iev7qg-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Arihant
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2477128.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000388&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts594" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12196-j9q3ez54-v1/imageContent-12196-j9q3ez54-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Ishwar TV
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3161401.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000479&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts456" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11767-j9kwretk-v1/imageContent-11767-j9kwretk-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Satsang TV
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2326386.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000481&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts458" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11775-j9kwuk8w-v1/imageContent-11775-j9kwuk8w-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Shubh TV
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2227021.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000294&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts283" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11212-j9icd8jc-v1/imageContent-11212-j9icd8jc-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Aastha Bhajan
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903719.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000524&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts500" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11903-j9l4wxy8-v1/imageContent-11903-j9l4wxy8-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Vedic
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3562162.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000786&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts728" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-43103-jxzlrb0o-v2/imageContent-43103-jxzlrb0o-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Subharti TV
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2554658.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000854&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts775" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11408-j9jqmlvs-v6/imageContent-11408-j9jqmlvs-m4.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",DIVYA
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2554676.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001087&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts935" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65100-kspm2814-v1/imageContent-65100-kspm2814-m2.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Awakening
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1184/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001062&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts911" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62610-koxujv2g-v2/imageContent-62610-koxujv2g-m3.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Santwani
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1316/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000013&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts12" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-42-j5fc9b8g-v3/imageContent-42-j5fc9b8g-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Zee Ganga
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3115483.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000363&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts350" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11407-j9jqjucg-v1/imageContent-11407-j9jqjucg-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Dishum
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2477152.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000909&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts814" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-52853-k982u9ts-v1/imageContent-52853-k982u9ts-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Zee Biskope
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2852946.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000957&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts830" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-55553-kdzetu0o-v3/imageContent-55553-kdzetu0o-m8.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Filamchi Bhojpuri
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2948826.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000197&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts181" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-768-j5m31cfs-v1/imageContent-768-j5m31cfs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Bhojpuri Cinema
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2974486.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000441&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts431" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11653-j9k1kyn4-v1/imageContent-11653-j9k1kyn4-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Oscar Movies Bhojpuri
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2685474.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000788&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts729" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-43109-jxzlyrjc-v1/imageContent-43109-jxzlyrjc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",B4U Bhojpuri
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_959/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001048&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts899" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62150-knicubns-v2/imageContent-62150-knicubns-m2.png" group-title="TS null",Pasand
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1309/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000972&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts838" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56320-kf6aheeo-v2/imageContent-56320-kf6aheeo-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Kashish News
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1130/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000075&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts79" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-23223-jeyhnzfs-v1/imageContent-23223-jeyhnzfs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",News18 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2624994.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000671&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts637" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-21315-je85i72w-v1/imageContent-21315-je85i72w-m5.png" group-title="TS News",Zee Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/18086.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000752&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts709" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-38817-juhtg57c-v2/imageContent-38817-juhtg57c-m2.png" group-title="TS News",ABP Ganga
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3394372.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000184&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts166" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-23206-jey39grs-v1/imageContent-23206-jey39grs-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",News18 Bihar Jharkhand
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1449423.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000021&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts20" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11140-j96syfuo-v1/imageContent-11140-j96syfuo-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Zee Bihar Jharkhand
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3141834.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000029&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts30" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-9007-j7ss7x80-v1/imageContent-9007-j7ss7x80-m1.png" group-title="TS News",India News UP UK
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2219352.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000637&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts613" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12252-j9qrkgu8-v3/imageContent-12252-j9qrkgu8-m2.png" group-title="TS News",News State UP Uttarakhand
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/24405.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000948&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts827" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-55124-kd89b0f4-v1/imageContent-55124-kd89b0f4-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Sadhna Plus News
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1124/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000330&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts316" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11320-j9jlusp4-v1/imageContent-11320-j9jlusp4-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",DD Bharati
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1454813.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000357&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts339" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11389-j9jq2ybk-v1/imageContent-11389-j9jq2ybk-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",DD Uttar Pradesh
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2506888.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000331&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts317" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11321-j9jlxaz4-v1/imageContent-11321-j9jlxaz4-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",DD Bihar
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1739499.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000220&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts203" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-23266-jez523so-v1/imageContent-23266-jez523so-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",News18 Madhya Pradesh Chhattisgarh
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2625164.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000548&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts512" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11981-j9lunvjs-v1/imageContent-11981-j9lunvjs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Zee Madhya Pradesh Chattisgarh
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1734524.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000026&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts27" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-78-j5fikkk8-v1/imageContent-78-j5fikkk8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",IBC 24
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2970559.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000690&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts652" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-25494-ji1a6ym0-v2/imageContent-25494-ji1a6ym0-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Bansal News
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_885/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000742&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts698" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-35622-jrr5mvig-v1/imageContent-35622-jrr5mvig-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",INH 24X7
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2914733.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000168&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts222" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8971-j7rffd40-v1/imageContent-8971-j7rffd40-m1.png" group-title="TS News",India News MP CG
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2974474.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000679&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts643" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-31191-jldnwhhs-v1/imageContent-31191-jldnwhhs-m1.png" group-title="TS News",News State MP CG
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3554776.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000605&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts577" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12143-j9p7vx9c-v1/imageContent-12143-j9p7vx9c-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Swaraj Express SMBC
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3127354.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000944&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts829" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-55112-kd88u9so-v1/imageContent-55112-kd88u9so-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Sadhna News MP CG
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1122/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001050&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts902" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62181-knrp5974-v1/imageContent-62181-knrp5974-m1.png" group-title="TS News",News 24 Madhyapradesh Chattisgarh
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4114.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001088&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts937" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65108-ksr7d028-v1/imageContent-65108-ksr7d028-m2.png" group-title="TS null",Anaadi TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1333/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000347&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts330" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11351-j9jpmdvc-v1/imageContent-11351-j9jpmdvc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",DD Madhya Pradesh
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2274124.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000221&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts205" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-23226-jeyiac80-v1/imageContent-23226-jeyiac80-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",News18 Rajasthan
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2625147.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000610&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts583" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12158-j9pd883k-v1/imageContent-12158-j9pd883k-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Zee Rajasthan News
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2484374.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000686&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts650" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-25048-jhir0kko-v1/imageContent-25048-jhir0kko-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",First India Rajasthan
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3569767.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000014&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts14" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-9012-j7ssufeo-v1/imageContent-9012-j7ssufeo-m1.png" group-title="TS News",India News Rajasthan
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4111593.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000004&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts5" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-10-j5f7xqxc-v1/imageContent-10-j5f7xqxc-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Patrika TV Rajasthan
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/169.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001015&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts870" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-58492-kixkb2ug-v1/imageContent-58492-kixkb2ug-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Jan TV
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/664890.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000729&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts687" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-34519-jp9bwiug-v2/imageContent-34519-jp9bwiug-m5.png" group-title="TS Hindi Regional",A1 TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_927/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001063&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts912" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62613-koxw351c-v1/imageContent-62613-koxw351c-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",Haryana Beats
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/139.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000353&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts332" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11375-j9jpws3k-v1/imageContent-11375-j9jpws3k-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",DD Rajasthan
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2627381.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000368&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts354" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11426-j9jqror4-v2/imageContent-11426-j9jqror4-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",News18 Urdu
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/148.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000549&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts518" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11984-j9lup2rc-v2/imageContent-11984-j9lup2rc-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Zee Salaam
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_839/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000179&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts161" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-7906-j7684flk-v1/imageContent-7906-j7684flk-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Channel WIN
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_354/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000379&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts365" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11455-j9jqz61k-v2/imageContent-11455-j9jqz61k-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Gulistan News
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_557/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000320&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts308" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-16764-jcix3xpc-v1/imageContent-16764-jcix3xpc-m1.PNG" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Colors Marathi HD
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4397887.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000144&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts134" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-450-j5jtumug-v2/imageContent-450-j5jtumug-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Colors Marathi
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/167744.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000533&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts501" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11930-j9l5hv1c-v1/imageContent-11930-j9l5hv1c-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Zee Marathi HD
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/7681.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000265&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts251" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8846-j7pq3jmo-v2/imageContent-8846-j7pq3jmo-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Zee Marathi
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_424/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000490&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts469" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11807-j9kyzle8-v1/imageContent-11807-j9kyzle8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Star Pravah HD
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2326439.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000262&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts248" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11136-j96p4r28-v1/imageContent-11136-j96p4r28-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Zee YUVA
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903671.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000697&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts658" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-30959-jky1nic8-v1/imageContent-30959-jky1nic8-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",SONY MARATHI
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1451339.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000550&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts515" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11987-j9lura8g-v1/imageContent-11987-j9lura8g-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Zee Talkies HD
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2326517.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000263&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts249" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8842-j7pp0me8-v2/imageContent-8842-j7pp0me8-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Zee Talkies
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_425/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000208&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts192" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-801-j5m7jg34-v2/imageContent-801-j5m7jg34-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Fakt Marathi
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3117480.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000886&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts800" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-49025-k5lxf84o-v2/imageContent-49025-k5lxf84o-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Shemaroo MarathiBana
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/238.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000172&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts155" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-542-j5kwwml4-v2/imageContent-542-j5kwwml4-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",ABP Majha
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2696550.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000153&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts140" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12140-j9p7vga8-v1/imageContent-12140-j9p7vga8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",News18 Lokmat
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2625019.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000275&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts261" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11156-j96xbrfk-v1/imageContent-11156-j96xbrfk-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Zee 24 Taas
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903711.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000576&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts546" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12056-j9o5hia8-v1/imageContent-12056-j9o5hia8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Saam TV
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2817634.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000247&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts233" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1014-j5ngcjug-v2/imageContent-1014-j5ngcjug-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Jai Maharashtra
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_329/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000099&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts97" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-315-j5jjsht4-v2/imageContent-315-j5jjsht4-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",TV9 Marathi
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3240976.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000940&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts826" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-54569-kcviihig-v3/imageContent-54569-kcviihig-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Lokshahi
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1121/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000354&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts336" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11378-j9jq0f9s-v1/imageContent-11378-j9jq0f9s-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",DD Sahyadri
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2051474.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000070&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts74" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-225-j5fxgwfk-v1/imageContent-225-j5fxgwfk-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",9X Jhakaas
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2284240.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000231&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts217" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-870-j5mb6j80-v1/imageContent-870-j5mb6j80-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Sangeet Marathi
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3145165.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001000&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts861" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57511-kgg03elk-v2/imageContent-57511-kgg03elk-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Zee Vajwa
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1139/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000319&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts305" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11287-j9j4tl2w-v2/imageContent-11287-j9j4tl2w-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Colors Bangla HD
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1727663.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000025&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts26" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-75-j5fikj0o-v1/imageContent-75-j5fikj0o-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Colors Bangla
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_283/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000546&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts522" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11970-j9luk5ag-v1/imageContent-11970-j9luk5ag-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Zee Bangla HD
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2496587.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000492&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts468" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11813-j9kz0vow-v1/imageContent-11813-j9kz0vow-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Star Jalsha HD
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1313336.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000033&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts34" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-94-j5fjveio-v2/imageContent-94-j5fjveio-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",SONY AATH
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4326683.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000084&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts129" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-267-j5j8x17s-v1/imageContent-267-j5j8x17s-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Aakaash Aath
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2284258.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000003&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts3" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-9-j5f6oezc-v1/imageContent-9-j5f6oezc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Ruposhi Bangla
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3115508.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000874&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts788" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-48494-k3zd1a80-v1/imageContent-48494-k3zd1a80-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Enterr10 Bangla
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/449677.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000565&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts537" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11514-j9jtp5tk-v1/imageContent-11514-j9jtp5tk-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Jalsha Movies HD
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2326416.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000268&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts254" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11009-j8xbk7js-v1/imageContent-11009-j8xbk7js-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Zee Bangla Cinema
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2834224.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001045&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts896" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62141-knicrr2g-v1/imageContent-62141-knicrr2g-m1.png" group-title="TS null",Colors Bangla Cinema
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1305/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000399&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts379" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-27017-jjo92wyg-v1/imageContent-27017-jjo92wyg-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Khushboo Bangla
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/7703.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000101&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts102" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-321-j5jl5g5k-v2/imageContent-321-j5jl5g5k-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",ABP Ananda
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2108737.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000272&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts258" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-9031-j7u3nz6w-v1/imageContent-9031-j7u3nz6w-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Zee 24 Ghanta
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903691.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000402&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts381" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11533-j9jtxqgo-v1/imageContent-11533-j9jtxqgo-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Kolkata TV
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2319468.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000018&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts23" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-22186-jenuxy6g-v2/imageContent-22186-jenuxy6g-m5.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",News18 Bangla
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3141844.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001018&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts873" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-59401-kjudpa1c-v2/imageContent-59401-kjudpa1c-m3.png" group-title="TS null",TV9 Bangla
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1149/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001038&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts890" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-61251-klylf4u0-v2/imageContent-61251-klylf4u0-m9.png" group-title="TS News",Republic Bangla
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4562704.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000225&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts207" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-852-j5m9xe80-v1/imageContent-852-j5m9xe80-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",News Time Bangla
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3241032.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000323&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts311" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11299-j9j61p1k-v1/imageContent-11299-j9j61p1k-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",CTVN AKD Plus
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2319443.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000684&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts648" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-24685-jgrl9bqg-v1/imageContent-24685-jgrl9bqg-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Calcutta News
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/7916.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000328&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts314" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11314-j9j8kcxk-v1/imageContent-11314-j9j8kcxk-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",DD Bangla
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4450742.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000229&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts215" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-864-j5mava4o-v1/imageContent-864-j5mava4o-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Sangeet Bangla
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2100231.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000666&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts635" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-21304-je859a3c-v1/imageContent-21304-je859a3c-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Zee Telugu HD
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5166025.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000264&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts250" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8845-j7ppmm28-v3/imageContent-8845-j7ppmm28-m7.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Zee Telugu
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_415/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000376&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts355" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11444-j9jqx6a8-v1/imageContent-11444-j9jqx6a8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Gemini TV HD
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/334118.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001107&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts956" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-66705-kuqnqhwg-v1/imageContent-66705-kuqnqhwg-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",STAR Maa HD
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4168398.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000553&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts516" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-25361-jhsvr3nc-v1/imageContent-25361-jhsvr3nc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",STAR Maa HD
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1734527.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000370&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts359" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11418-j9jqpvxs-v1/imageContent-11418-j9jqpvxs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",ETV HD
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2638465.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000158&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts145" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-492-j5jxvaeo-v1/imageContent-492-j5jxvaeo-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",ETV Telugu
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_172/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000373&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts361" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11437-j9jqv7ao-v2/imageContent-11437-j9jqv7ao-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Gemini Life
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_549/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000366&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts352" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11423-j9jqqegg-v1/imageContent-11423-j9jqqegg-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",ETV Plus
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2811093.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000617&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts590" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12186-j9plqam8-v2/imageContent-12186-j9plqam8-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Telugu Naaptol
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_485/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000612&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts585" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12164-j9phk5iw-v1/imageContent-12164-j9phk5iw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Vissa TV
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4242847.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001002&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts862" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57706-kh2c2r8w-v1/imageContent-57706-kh2c2r8w-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Studio Yuva
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1140/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000681&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts645" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-23721-jg0fhacg-v2/imageContent-23721-jg0fhacg-m2.PNG" group-title="TS Knowledge",Tata Play English in Telugu
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1451330.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000374&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts362" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11438-j9jqvyaw-v1/imageContent-11438-j9jqvyaw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Gemini Movies HD
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2838101.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001108&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts957" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-66770-kuwalqkg-v1/imageContent-66770-kuwalqkg-m1.png" group-title="TS null",Star Maa Movies HD
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5244603.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000408&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts387" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-18348-jcqpx9ns-v1/imageContent-18348-jcqpx9ns-m1.PNG" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Star Maa Movies HD
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2319471.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001106&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts954" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-66595-kupdpd9k-v1/imageContent-66595-kupdpd9k-m1.png" group-title="TS null",Star Maa Gold
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5223418.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000407&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts388" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11553-j9julvag-v3/imageContent-11553-j9julvag-m6.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Star Maa Gold
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/92.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000665&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts636" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-21307-je859sm0-v1/imageContent-21307-je859sm0-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Zee Cinemalu HD
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2644013.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000266&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts252" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8849-j7pqmypc-v2/imageContent-8849-j7pqmypc-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Zee Cinemalu
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_416/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000136&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts128" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-426-j5jsm1wo-v1/imageContent-426-j5jsm1wo-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",ETV Cinema
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2696523.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000283&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts268" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11182-j9i3o5pc-v1/imageContent-11182-j9i3o5pc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",ETV Life
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2638468.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000369&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts358" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11417-j9jqpcnc-v1/imageContent-11417-j9jqpcnc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",ETV Abhiruchi
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2477133.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000620&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts596" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12260-j9qv0lz4-v1/imageContent-12260-j9qv0lz4-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Sakshi TV
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/18102.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000160&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts146" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-498-j5jy7i80-v1/imageContent-498-j5jy7i80-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",ETV Andhra Pradesh
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4779620.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000334&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts320" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11329-j9jot000-v2/imageContent-11329-j9jot000-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",TV5 News
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3367038.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000010&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts11" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-30-j5fc0v80-v2/imageContent-30-j5fc0v80-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",TV9 Telugu
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/54.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000238&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts225" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-951-j5mipdzs-v1/imageContent-951-j5mipdzs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",ABN Andhra Jyothy
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3241370.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000048&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts49" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-145-j5fpfoe8-v1/imageContent-145-j5fpfoe8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",T News
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2640605.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000288&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts274" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11194-j9i4cz80-v1/imageContent-11194-j9i4cz80-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",V6 News
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2811107.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000080&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts83" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-255-j5fz95pc-v1/imageContent-255-j5fz95pc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",ETV Telangana
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1449410.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000383&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts349" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11470-j9jr4uio-v1/imageContent-11470-j9jr4uio-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",HM TV
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2044287.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000455&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts430" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11697-j9kjhxs0-v3/imageContent-11697-j9kjhxs0-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Raj News Telugu
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2326422.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000280&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts266" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-17564-jclrk6pk-v1/imageContent-17564-jclrk6pk-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",10 TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_433/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000858&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts774" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-47248-k1vn9ouw-v2/imageContent-47248-k1vn9ouw-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",4tv News
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1454967.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000993&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts855" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57234-kg1or674-v2/imageContent-57234-kg1or674-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Vidya
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1137/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000994&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts856" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57237-kg1pr3eo-v2/imageContent-57237-kg1pr3eo-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Nipuna
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1138/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000355&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts337" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11381-j9jq1pkg-v1/imageContent-11381-j9jq1pkg-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",DD Saptagiri
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1739517.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000358&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts548" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11392-j9jq3lgw-v3/imageContent-11392-j9jq3lgw-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",DD Yadagiri
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4144008.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000453&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts429" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11691-j9kj50i0-v1/imageContent-11691-j9kj50i0-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Raj Musix Telugu
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2142.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000304&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts290" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11242-j9irisyw-v2/imageContent-11242-j9irisyw-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Bhakti TV
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/76.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000471&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts445" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11745-j9kwb568-v2/imageContent-11745-j9kwb568-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Shubhavaarta TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_716/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000298&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts285" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11224-j9iclykw-v1/imageContent-11224-j9iclykw-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Aradana TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_460/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000364&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts351" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-33495-jnqw9k9c-v4/imageContent-33495-jnqw9k9c-m5.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Swara Sagar
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_533/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000655&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts630" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-18536-jct505dc-v2/imageContent-18536-jct505dc-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Hindu Dharmam
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/151.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000542&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts521" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11960-j9lu9vow-v1/imageContent-11960-j9lu9vow-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Sun TV HD
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2643861.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000501&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts474" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11837-j9kzms9s-v2/imageContent-11837-j9kzms9s-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Sun Life
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_756/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000526&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts496" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11909-j9l52epk-v2/imageContent-11909-j9l52epk-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Star Vijay HD
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3562165.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000271&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts257" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-9006-j7rlwsns-v2/imageContent-9006-j7rlwsns-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Zee Tamil
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_429/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000713&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts674" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-33814-jo5jba9s-v3/imageContent-33814-jo5jba9s-m3.PNG" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Colors Tamil HD
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/167771.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000438&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts418" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-21152-je6orzfk-v1/imageContent-21152-je6orzfk-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Colors Tamil
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3562168.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000750&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts708" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-38738-juc4a1ig-v5/imageContent-38738-juc4a1ig-m8.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Jaya TV HD
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2984980.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000214&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts200" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-819-j5m8fsfs-v1/imageContent-819-j5m8fsfs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Kalaignar TV
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3117489.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000456&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts439" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11700-j9ksbotk-v1/imageContent-11700-j9ksbotk-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Raj TV
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4183362.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000097&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts99" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-44904-jzu8ri4o-v1/imageContent-44904-jzu8ri4o-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",D Tamil
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3240991.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000449&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts426" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11679-j9khnqag-v1/imageContent-11679-j9khnqag-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Raj Digital Plus
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2227027.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000037&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts37" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-111-j5fl5xo8-v1/imageContent-111-j5fl5xo8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Mega TV
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3240952.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000774&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts723" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-41267-jwjjvrt4-v3/imageContent-41267-jwjjvrt4-m5.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Tamil Naaptol
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_954/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000523&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts499" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11900-j9l4vygg-v1/imageContent-11900-j9l4vygg-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Vasanth TV
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2458442.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000615&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts611" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12244-j9qq7k1c-v1/imageContent-12244-j9qq7k1c-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Sirippoli
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3808187.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000286&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts272" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11188-j9i480zc-v1/imageContent-11188-j9i480zc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Polimer TV
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2319454.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000411&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts392" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11565-j9jv0np4-v1/imageContent-11565-j9jv0np4-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Makkal TV
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2107642.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000593&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts563" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12098-j9oom4eo-v2/imageContent-12098-j9oom4eo-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Moon TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_635/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000699&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts659" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-31187-jldgeg1k-v2/imageContent-31187-jldgeg1k-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Vendhar TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_815/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000400&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts380" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11536-j9jty5w8-v1/imageContent-11536-j9jty5w8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",KTV HD
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2122483.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000213&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts201" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-816-j5m8dqd4-v1/imageContent-816-j5m8dqd4-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",J Movies
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2220489.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000884&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts797" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-49016-k5lx1za0-v2/imageContent-49016-k5lx1za0-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Zee Thirai
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2648363.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001065&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts914" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62861-kpdll0iw-v1/imageContent-62861-kpdll0iw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Sony Ten 4
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/41.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000464&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts444" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11724-j9kvwnkg-v1/imageContent-11724-j9kvwnkg-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Travelxp Tamil
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2484361.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001005&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts863" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57764-khdq3smg-v2/imageContent-57764-khdq3smg-m2.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Kalvi TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1142/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000235&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts220" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-882-j5mdrg4o-v1/imageContent-882-j5mdrg4o-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Puthiya Thalaimurai
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3145201.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000544&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts524" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11966-j9luich4-v1/imageContent-11966-j9luich4-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Thanthi TV
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2496608.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000211&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts198" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-810-j5m84h14-v1/imageContent-810-j5m84h14-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Jaya Plus
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3145147.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000022&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts21" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-66-j5ff8qio-v1/imageContent-66-j5ff8qio-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",News 7 Tamil
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3339619.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000537&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts509" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11942-j9lthi34-v1/imageContent-11942-j9lthi34-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Polimer News
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2646807.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000059&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts58" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-192-j5fsr3s0-v1/imageContent-192-j5fsr3s0-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",News18 Tamil Nadu
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2455053.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000042&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts44" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-126-j5fnf4ig-v2/imageContent-126-j5fnf4ig-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Seithigal TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_349/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000554&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts525" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12002-j9nrtf08-v2/imageContent-12002-j9nrtf08-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Raj News Tamil
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_372/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000478&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts455" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11764-j9kwqj6o-v1/imageContent-11764-j9kwqj6o-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Sathiyam TV
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2326432.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000412&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts391" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11566-j9jv2rbc-v1/imageContent-11566-j9jv2rbc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",MalaiMurasu Seithigal
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2631012.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000313&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts299" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11267-j9j323l4-v1/imageContent-11267-j9j323l4-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Captain News
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2815385.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000744&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts702" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-37207-jswmhmpk-v1/imageContent-37207-jswmhmpk-m1.PNG" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",News J
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2819815.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000351&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts334" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11369-j9jpvzjs-v1/imageContent-11369-j9jpvzjs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",DD Podhigai
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1454859.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000210&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts199" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-807-j5m7zoyo-v1/imageContent-807-j5m7zoyo-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Jaya Max
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2640682.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000450&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts425" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11682-j9khxjoo-v1/imageContent-11682-j9khxjoo-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Raj Musix
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2227030.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000683&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts647" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-24578-jgotgry0-v1/imageContent-24578-jgotgry0-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Isaiaruvi
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2819806.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000428&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts411" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11616-j9k04eo0-v1/imageContent-11616-j9k04eo0-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Murasu TV
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2051397.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000460&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts434" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11712-j9kt9fbs-v2/imageContent-11712-j9kt9fbs-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Jothi TV
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2051428.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000410&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts390" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11562-j9juzmns-v1/imageContent-11562-j9juzmns-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Madha TV
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2811115.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000300&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts282" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11230-j9icx1i0-v1/imageContent-11230-j9icx1i0-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Angel TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_456/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000430&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts408" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11622-j9k0845k-v2/imageContent-11622-j9k0845k-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Nambikkai TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_651/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000517&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts490" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11882-j9l3qcrs-v1/imageContent-11882-j9l3qcrs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",SVBC 2
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1734546.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000868&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts785" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-48007-k3jkp6y8-v2/imageContent-48007-k3jkp6y8-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Tata Play Kannada Cinema
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2917672.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000518&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts492" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11883-j9l3rjzc-v1/imageContent-11883-j9l3rjzc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Udaya TV HD
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/38.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000636&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts612" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12249-j9qr87hc-v5/imageContent-12249-j9qr87hc-m5.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Colors Kannada HD
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2761642.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000109&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts108" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-345-j5jmkws0-v2/imageContent-345-j5jmkws0-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Colors Kannada
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4123.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000494&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts467" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11816-j9kz224o-v1/imageContent-11816-j9kz224o-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Star Suvarna HD
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/17984.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000714&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts675" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-33827-jo5kcr1c-v4/imageContent-33827-jo5kcr1c-m5.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Zee Kannada HD
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_917/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000270&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts256" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11030-j8yk2g3s-v1/imageContent-11030-j8yk2g3s-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Zee Kannada
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903682.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000392&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts372" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12323-jaa5pzxs-v1/imageContent-12323-jaa5pzxs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Jeevan TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_588/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000562&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts533" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-18308-jcqnzl68-v1/imageContent-18308-jcqnzl68-m1.PNG" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Colors SUPER
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2109512.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000596&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts566" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-45791-k0696crk-v2/imageContent-45791-k0696crk-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Kannada Naaptol
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_649/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001091&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts940" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65190-ktai1xtk-v1/imageContent-65190-ktai1xtk-m1.png" group-title="TS null",SIRIKANNADA Alltime
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1771/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000243&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts231" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1002-j5nf74c0-v1/imageContent-1002-j5nf74c0-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Udaya Movies
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5554941.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000570&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts540" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12038-j9o0554o-v2/imageContent-12038-j9o0554o-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Star Suvarna Plus
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4452817.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000706&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts667" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-31454-jmirfosw-v2/imageContent-31454-jmirfosw-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Colors Kannada Cinema
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2734036.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000901&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts810" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-52310-k7bd8ixk-v2/imageContent-52310-k7bd8ixk-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Zee Picchar
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2721311.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000700&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts661" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-31188-jldk0joo-v2/imageContent-31188-jldk0joo-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Public Movies
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_894/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000215&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts196" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-822-j5m8ivjs-v1/imageContent-822-j5m8ivjs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Kasthuri
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2974809.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000169&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts152" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-531-j5kuelug-v2/imageContent-531-j5kuelug-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",TV9 Kannada
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3145105.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000543&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts555" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11963-j9lui4rc-v3/imageContent-11963-j9lui4rc-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Asianet Suvarna News
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3808171.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000032&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts33" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-98-j5fjwu7s-v2/imageContent-98-j5fjwu7s-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Public TV
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/57.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000085&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts85" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-9824-j85wb88o-v1/imageContent-9824-j85wb88o-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",News18 Kannada
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3296932.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000654&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts629" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-19066-jczvvocg-v1/imageContent-19066-jczvvocg-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",TV5 Kannada
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3114960.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000539&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts510" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11948-j9ltrfc8-v1/imageContent-11948-j9ltrfc8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Raj News Kannada
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3260084.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000360&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts342" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11397-j9jq7rxk-v1/imageContent-11397-j9jq7rxk-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Dighvijay 24x7 News
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903729.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000934&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts824" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-53941-kblrui1c-v3/imageContent-53941-kblrui1c-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Power TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1119/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001064&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts913" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62858-kpdlcyeg-v2/imageContent-62858-kpdlcyeg-m2.png" group-title="TS null",News 1st
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1320/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000338&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts321" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11338-j9jozdxs-v1/imageContent-11338-j9jozdxs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",DD Chandana
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2051449.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000451&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts427" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11685-j9kipky0-v1/imageContent-11685-j9kipky0-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Raj Musix Kannada
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2326419.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000448&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts424" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11676-j9khi3cw-v1/imageContent-11676-j9khi3cw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Public Music
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2817608.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000502&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts477" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11788-j9kypa94-v1/imageContent-11788-j9kypa94-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Sri Sankara TV
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/130.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000698&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts660" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11257-j9iy8oj4-v2/imageContent-11257-j9iy8oj4-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Ayush TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_893/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000108&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts107" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-340-j5jmiei0-v1/imageContent-340-j5jmiei0-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",Colors Gujarati
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2727349.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000853&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts772" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-47224-k1uh5c4g-v2/imageContent-47224-k1uh5c4g-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",Tata Play Gujarati Cinema
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2817752.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000736&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts692" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-35306-jqxwmaeo-v1/imageContent-35306-jqxwmaeo-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",Colors Gujarati Cinema
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2496678.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000515&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts489" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11874-j9l376yg-v2/imageContent-11874-j9l376yg-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",TV9 Gujarati
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2642975.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000583&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts552" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12068-j9o9t9jc-v1/imageContent-12068-j9o9t9jc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",Gujarat Samachar TV
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2496644.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000613&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts586" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12167-j9phnio0-v1/imageContent-12167-j9phnio0-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",Sandesh News
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2484392.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000317&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts303" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11281-j9j4lf3k-v1/imageContent-11281-j9j4lf3k-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",CNBC Bajaar
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1727660.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000005&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts6" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-15-j5f97j2o-v4/imageContent-15-j5f97j2o-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",News18 Gujarati
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/77.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000071&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts73" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-228-j5fxgzio-v2/imageContent-228-j5fxgzio-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",ABP Asmita
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2284231.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000527&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts497" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11912-j9l58n8w-v1/imageContent-11912-j9l58n8w-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",VTV Gujarati
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2819769.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000531&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts507" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11924-j9l5fs6w-v3/imageContent-11924-j9l5fs6w-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",Zee 24 Kalak
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2631043.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000692&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts654" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-26589-jj9w5h54-v1/imageContent-26589-jj9w5h54-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",India News Gujarat
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4160851.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001039&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts891" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-61443-kmbf79yw-v1/imageContent-61443-kmbf79yw-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Mantavya News
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/36.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000341&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts323" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11341-j9jpdu00-v1/imageContent-11341-j9jpdu00-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",DD Girnar
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/110.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000114&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts115" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-355-j5jndjn4-v1/imageContent-355-j5jndjn4-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",Colors Oriya
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2640617.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000621&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts597" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12207-j9qlt5vk-v2/imageContent-12207-j9qlt5vk-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",Zee Sarthak
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2734062.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000251&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts237" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1026-j5njmv3s-v1/imageContent-1026-j5njmv3s-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",Tarang TV
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2109372.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000049&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts50" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-146-j5fpfs94-v1/imageContent-146-j5fpfs94-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",Tarang Music
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2640585.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000443&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts419" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11659-j9kbj2m8-v1/imageContent-11659-j9kbj2m8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",OTV
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2819742.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000445&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts421" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11667-j9kdkb6w-v1/imageContent-11667-j9kdkb6w-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Peppers TV
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2325119.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000598&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts568" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12107-j9ooxqm8-v1/imageContent-12107-j9ooxqm8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",Prarthana TV
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2118952.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000276&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts262" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-35649-jrz9mhq0-v1/imageContent-35649-jrz9mhq0-m1.PNG" group-title="TS Regional Odia",Zee Odisha
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903716.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000396&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts376" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12271-j9to48zc-v1/imageContent-12271-j9to48zc-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",Kanak News
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2638473.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000395&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts375" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11513-j9jtooug-v1/imageContent-11513-j9jtooug-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",Kalinga TV
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903724.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000040&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts41" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-13243-jbirprzs-v1/imageContent-13243-jbirprzs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",News18 Odia
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2727326.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000027&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts28" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-81-j5fjuw00-v1/imageContent-81-j5fjuw00-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",Alankar
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2219370.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000932&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts822" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-53933-kblphk60-v1/imageContent-53933-kblphk60-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",Manjari
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4326697.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000467&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts448" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11733-j9kw4100-v4/imageContent-11733-j9kw4100-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",News7
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_676/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000893&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts805" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-49597-k6k8ts8g-v2/imageContent-49597-k6k8ts8g-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",Nandighosha TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_993/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001058&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts907" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62573-kop7duow-v6/imageContent-62573-kop7duow-m9.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",Argus News
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1314/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000350&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts333" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11366-j9jpvkw0-v1/imageContent-11366-j9jpvkw0-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",DD Odia
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1454829.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000244&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts230" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1005-j5nfiy9c-v1/imageContent-1005-j5nfiy9c-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Surya TV
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1416426.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000306&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts292" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11246-j9iw5g74-v3/imageContent-11246-j9iw5g74-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Asianet HD
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2492502.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001104&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts953" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-66564-kup0jo0w-v1/imageContent-66564-kup0jo0w-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Asianet Plus
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1060172.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000308&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts294" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11254-j9ixwlcg-v1/imageContent-11254-j9ixwlcg-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Asianet Plus
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2477140.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000737&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts694" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-35312-jqy146c8-v3/imageContent-35312-jqy146c8-m8.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Zee Keralam HD
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_933/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000727&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts684" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-9003-j7rlh2aw-v2/imageContent-9003-j7rlh2aw-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Zee Keralam
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2643036.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000009&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts10" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-27-j5fbpbbs-v1/imageContent-27-j5fbpbbs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Flowers
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3612689.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000195&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts178" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-762-j5m21xqw-v1/imageContent-762-j5m21xqw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Amrita TV
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2640649.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000415&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts395" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11577-j9jv8mqg-v1/imageContent-11577-j9jv8mqg-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Mazhavil Manorama HD
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/81.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000030&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts31" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-90-j5fjv4hk-v1/imageContent-90-j5fjv4hk-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Mazhavil Manorama
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_320/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000011&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts25" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-33-j5fc5fko-v1/imageContent-33-j5fc5fko-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Kairali TV
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3115492.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000582&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts553" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12065-j9o9phqg-v1/imageContent-12065-j9o9phqg-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",We TV
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/18131.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001055&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts904" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62245-kny89ag0-v2/imageContent-62245-kny89ag0-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Malayalam Naaptol
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1313/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000245&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts229" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1008-j5nfqjeo-v1/imageContent-1008-j5nfqjeo-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Surya Movies
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1454889.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001085&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts933" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-64891-ks8v01o8-v1/imageContent-64891-ks8v01o8-m2.png" group-title="TS null",Asianet Movies - Hot Star Feed
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/29273.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000307&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts293" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11251-j9ixmaz4-v1/imageContent-11251-j9ixmaz4-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Asianet Movies
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1727652.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000459&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts436" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11709-j9kt6bg0-v1/imageContent-11709-j9kt6bg0-m1.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Safari TV
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2734019.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000561&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts532" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12020-j9ntf12w-v1/imageContent-12020-j9ntf12w-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Asianet News
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2496637.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000226&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts211" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-855-j5ma1eig-v2/imageContent-855-j5ma1eig-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Kairali News
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/47.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000087&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts87" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-279-j5jcwqts-v1/imageContent-279-j5jcwqts-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Manorama News
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3117328.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000414&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts394" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11572-j9jv7wi0-v1/imageContent-11572-j9jv7wi0-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Mathrubhumi News
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4752209.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000062&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts66" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12309-ja9ac8n4-v1/imageContent-12309-ja9ac8n4-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",News18 Kerala
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2696471.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000390&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts370" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11495-j9jtg2ns-v2/imageContent-11495-j9jtg2ns-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Jaihind TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_581/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000604&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts576" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12137-j9p7pmeo-v2/imageContent-12137-j9p7pmeo-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Media One
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4576460.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000284&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts270" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11179-j9i3nhs8-v2/imageContent-11179-j9i3nhs8-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Janam TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_584/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000398&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts378" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11524-j9jtu07c-v2/imageContent-11524-j9jtu07c-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Kaumudy TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_595/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000454&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts428" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11694-j9kjc0tc-v1/imageContent-11694-j9kjc0tc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Raj News Malayalam
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2914715.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000885&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts799" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-49022-k5lxarmw-v2/imageContent-49022-k5lxarmw-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Twenty Four
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_990/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000922&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts820" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-53493-kaz5h2kg-v2/imageContent-53493-kaz5h2kg-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",KITE Victers
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4121224.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000452&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts541" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11688-j9kiz1zs-v1/imageContent-11688-j9kiz1zs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Raj Musix Malayalam
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2496615.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000397&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts377" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11520-j9jtr0y8-v1/imageContent-11520-j9jtr0y8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Kappa TV
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1727668.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000282&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts269" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11176-j9i3lv54-v2/imageContent-11176-j9i3lv54-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Goodness
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_555/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000377&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts356" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11449-j9jqxsns-v1/imageContent-11449-j9jqxsns-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",God TV
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/168.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000480&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts457" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11772-j9kwsqns-v1/imageContent-11772-j9kwsqns-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Shalom TV
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2227018.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000381&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts348" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-35638-jruyxl0g-v4/imageContent-35638-jruyxl0g-m7.PNG" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Harvest TV 24x7
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_559/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000130&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts122" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-408-j5jr93k8-v1/imageContent-408-j5jr93k8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",PTC Punjabi
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2696497.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000418&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts399" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11586-j9jyt26w-v1/imageContent-11586-j9jyt26w-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",MH One
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2819725.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000648&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts624" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12931-jb64agig-v1/imageContent-12931-jb64agig-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",Pitaara TV
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2817685.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000881&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts794" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-48860-k4nlxy14-v2/imageContent-48860-k4nlxy14-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",PTC Punjabi Gold
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3822887.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000609&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts580" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12155-j9pd5ug8-v1/imageContent-12155-j9pd5ug8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",Zee Punjab Haryana Himachal Pradesh
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2326442.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000094&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts91" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-300-j5ji8seo-v1/imageContent-300-j5ji8seo-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",PTC News
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3145095.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000246&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts232" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1011-j5ng33kg-v1/imageContent-1011-j5ng33kg-m1.png" group-title="TS News",News18 Punjab Haryana Himachal
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2100234.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000386&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts366" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11482-j9jsdwfk-v1/imageContent-11482-j9jsdwfk-m1.jpg" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",India News Punjab
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2492511.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000012&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts13" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8968-j7rcix2w-v1/imageContent-8968-j7rcix2w-m1.png" group-title="TS News",India News Haryana
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3115511.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000391&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts371" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11502-j9jtlmi8-v3/imageContent-11502-j9jtlmi8-m4.png" group-title="TS News",Janta TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_585/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000419&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts401" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11587-j9jyvxl4-v1/imageContent-11587-j9jyvxl4-m1.png" group-title="TS News",MH One News
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2631006.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000871&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts787" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-48498-k3zd4bsg-v1/imageContent-48498-k3zd4bsg-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",ANB NEWS
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4452806.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000996&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts793" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57445-kg7p5yk8-v2/imageContent-57445-kg7p5yk8-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",Living India News
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_984/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001109&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts958" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-67324-kvtkevog-v1/imageContent-67324-kvtkevog-m4.png" group-title="TS null",ABP Sanjha
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1784/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000352&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts335" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11374-j9jpwgiw-v1/imageContent-11374-j9jpwgiw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",DD Punjabi
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1739529.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000093&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts92" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-297-j5ji8qv4-v1/imageContent-297-j5ji8qv4-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",PTC Chak De
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2220359.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000055&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts62" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-180-j5fsqxls-v1/imageContent-180-j5fsqxls-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",9X Tashan
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2455039.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001073&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts922" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-63498-kqq89g5k-v2/imageContent-63498-kqq89g5k-m3.png" group-title="TS null",PTC Music
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1322/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001089&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts936" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65113-ksr86jc0-v1/imageContent-65113-ksr86jc0-m1.png" group-title="TS null",Punjabi Hits
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1334/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000205&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts193" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-792-j5m75dww-v1/imageContent-792-j5m75dww-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",Chardikla Time TV
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2100220.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000855&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts773" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-47242-k1vmve74-v1/imageContent-47242-k1vmve74-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",PTC Simran
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_968/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000597&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts567" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12106-j9ooxpug-v2/imageContent-12106-j9ooxpug-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",Nepal 1
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_657/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000105&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts101" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-333-j5jl5q6o-v1/imageContent-333-j5jl5q6o-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",Rang
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2727342.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000228&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts214" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-860-j5mao56o-v1/imageContent-860-j5mao56o-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",Rengoni TV
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3117502.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000387&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts368" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11485-j9jsysqw-v1/imageContent-11485-j9jsysqw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",Indradhanu
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3550131.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000367&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts353" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11411-j9jqocds-v1/imageContent-11411-j9jqocds-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",DY 365
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2115400.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000067&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts68" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12390-jai3fgy0-v1/imageContent-12390-jai3fgy0-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",News18 Assam North East
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3553537.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000239&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts226" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-956-j5mipkxs-v1/imageContent-956-j5mipkxs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",NEWS LIVE
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3145171.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000234&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts221" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-879-j5mdmlqw-v1/imageContent-879-j5mdmlqw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",Protidin Time
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3145168.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000447&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts423" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11673-j9kfe73s-v1/imageContent-11673-j9kfe73s-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",Prag News
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2817627.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000440&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts417" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11644-j9k1gjow-v1/imageContent-11644-j9k1gjow-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",North East Live
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2051419.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001043&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts894" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-61722-kmprxffs-v1/imageContent-61722-kmprxffs-m2.png" group-title="TS null",NKTV 24x7
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4938758.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001047&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts898" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62147-knict3og-v1/imageContent-62147-knict3og-m1.png" group-title="TS null",Hornbill TV
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/190490.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000349&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts331" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11363-j9jprc40-v1/imageContent-11363-j9jprc40-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",DD North East
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1454826.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000343&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts325" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11345-j9jpidkw-v1/imageContent-11345-j9jpidkw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",DD Kashir
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1454821.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000466&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts449" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11728-j9kw1zp4-v1/imageContent-11728-j9kw1zp4-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",Ramdhenu
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2326400.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000895&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts806" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-49636-k6lo3yfc-v1/imageContent-49636-k6lo3yfc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",Boogle Bollywood
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/263.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000879&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts790" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-48807-k4m7ud0o-v2/imageContent-48807-k4m7ud0o-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",Ek Onkar
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/371.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000878&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts791" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-48804-k4m7nz2w-v1/imageContent-48804-k4m7nz2w-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",Fateh TV
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/353.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000894&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts807" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-49633-k6lny7mw-v1/imageContent-49633-k6lny7mw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",In Goa 24x7
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/279.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001092&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts766" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65193-ktazlcj4-v1/imageContent-65193-ktazlcj4-m1.png" group-title="TS News",ITV 24
https://cable3tatasky.akamaized.net/Itv24dash/live.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000864&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts782" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-47615-k2jwaqug-v1/imageContent-47615-k2jwaqug-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Namma TV
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/571.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000863&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts781" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-47612-k2jw4vfc-v1/imageContent-47612-k2jw4vfc-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Prudent
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/155.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000919&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts819" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-53443-kanbrwjs-v1/imageContent-53443-kanbrwjs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",RDX Goa
https://cable9tatasky.akamaized.net/rdxgoa/d0dbe915091d400bd8ee7f27f0791303.sdp/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000968&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts837" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56259-kf4te7xs-v1/imageContent-56259-kf4te7xs-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Hare Krsna
https://dmewjyfrjf65h.cloudfront.net/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000981&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts845" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56404-kfet9quw-v1/imageContent-56404-kfet9quw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",Wah Punjabi
https://cable8tatasky.akamaized.net/wahpunjabi/45f5bff56a47f9ebb68595aac72db8b0.sdp/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000979&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts846" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56399-kfesi49c-v1/imageContent-56399-kfesi49c-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",Haryanvi Hits
https://cable6tatasky.akamaized.net/haryanvihits/8b04821feb065f68858c15c98f4ec736.sdp/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000980&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts847" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56402-kfesiz4g-v1/imageContent-56402-kfesiz4g-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Krishna Vani
https://cable7tatasky.akamaized.net/KRISHNAVAANI/cdb4d5121f9b2fa38a5e58ce4284414e.sdp/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001007&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts865" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57966-khtydrm8-v1/imageContent-57966-khtydrm8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Bangla Bhakti
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/189.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001008&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts866" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57969-khu0zsnc-v1/imageContent-57969-khu0zsnc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Tara News
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/696.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001031&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts882" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-60930-kljn4aps-v1/imageContent-60930-kljn4aps-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Garv Punjab
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/301.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001030&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts887" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-60927-kljn2znc-v1/imageContent-60927-kljn2znc-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Garv Gurbani
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/319.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001032&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts883" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-60933-kljn4c9c-v1/imageContent-60933-kljn4c9c-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Swar Shree
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/337.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001042&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts893" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-61633-kmlgwaww-v1/imageContent-61633-kmlgwaww-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Valam TV
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/700.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001059&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts908" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62599-koxtswe0-v1/imageContent-62599-koxtswe0-m2.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Nimbark TV
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/640.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001060&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts909" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62604-koxudetc-v1/imageContent-62604-koxudetc-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Dainik Savera
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/429.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001061&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts910" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62607-koxuikrs-v1/imageContent-62607-koxuikrs-m1.png" group-title="TS News",C News Bharat
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/440.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001029&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts880" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-59672-kk74t9r4-v1/imageContent-59672-kk74t9r4-m3.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Outdoor Channel
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/247.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000074&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts75" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-237-j5fxi6q8-v2/imageContent-237-j5fxi6q8-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Tata Play Acting Adda
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2284272.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001082&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts931" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-64523-krkg6p88-v1/imageContent-64523-krkg6p88-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Green Chillies TV
https://cable5tatasky.akamaized.net/live/GreenChillies_Playout-Main/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001040&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts892" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-61629-kmlgw3yw-v1/imageContent-61629-kmlgw3yw-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Samara News
https://cable2tatasky.akamaized.net/live/5.stream/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001095&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts944" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65966-ku6es6wo-v4/imageContent-65966-ku6es6wo-m4.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Live Iskcon Vrindavan
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/579.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001096&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts945" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65969-ku6f2ozs-v3/imageContent-65969-ku6f2ozs-m3.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Live Nanded Saheb Maharashtra
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/474.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001097&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts946" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65974-ku6fq8zk-v3/imageContent-65974-ku6fq8zk-m3.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Live Govind Devji Jaipur
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/485.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001098&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts947" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65977-ku6g2hko-v3/imageContent-65977-ku6g2hko-m3.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Live Patna Sahib Patna
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/496.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001099&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts948" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65980-ku6g9jfk-v3/imageContent-65980-ku6g9jfk-m3.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Live Naina Devi Himachal Pradesh
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/507.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001100&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts949" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65985-ku6gly6w-v3/imageContent-65985-ku6gly6w-m3.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Live Sri Naga Sai Mandir Coimbatore
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/536.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001112&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts960" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-67700-kwoeo240-v2/imageContent-67700-kwoeo240-m2.png" group-title="TS null",Atmadarshan
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/658.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001113&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts961" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-67703-kwog27o0-v1/imageContent-67703-kwog27o0-m1.png" group-title="TS null",Lakshya TV
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/675.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001114&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts963" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-67706-kwogiyag-v1/imageContent-67706-kwogiyag-m1.png" group-title="TS null",Punjab Plus
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/691.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001115&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts962" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-67709-kwogo2pc-v1/imageContent-67709-kwogo2pc-m1.png" group-title="TS null",ANN News
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/680.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000023&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts22" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-69-j5ff8tls-v2/imageContent-69-j5ff8tls-m2.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",News World India
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/57073.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="430" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Cricket.png",Jio Cricket English HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Cricket

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="144" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_HD.png",Colors HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="291" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_HD.png",Sony HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="167" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_TV_HD.png",Zee TV HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_TV_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="476" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Max_HD.png",Sony Max HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_Max_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="165" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Cinema_HD.png",Zee Cinema HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Cinema_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="155" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Six_HD.png",Sony Six HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Six_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="383" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Times_NOW.png",Times NOW
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Times_NOW

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1906" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Times_Now_Navbharat.png",Times Now Navbharat
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Times_Now_Navbharat

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="162" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten_HD.png",Ten 1 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ten_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="173" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aaj_Tak.png",Aaj Tak
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Aaj_Tak

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1155" group-title="JTV News Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/BBC_Marathi.png",BBC Marathi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=BBC_Marathi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="177" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ABP_News_India.png",ABP News India
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ABP_News_India

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="891" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten2_HD.png",Ten 2 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ten2_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="492" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CNN_NEWS_18.png",CNN NEWS 18
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=CNN_NEWS_18

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1145" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MTV_HD_Plus.png",MTV HD Plus
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=MTV_HD_Plus

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="753" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MTV_Beats_HD.png",MTV Beats HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=MTV_Beats_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="858" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Republic_TV.png",Republic TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Republic_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="584" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Mastiii.png",Mastiii
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Mastiii

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="612" group-title="JTV News Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ABP_Majha.png",ABP Majha
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ABP_Majha

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="545" group-title="JTV Kids Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nick_Hindi.png",Nick Hindi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nick_Hindi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="619" group-title="JTV News Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TV9_Karnataka.png",TV9 Karnataka
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TV9_Karnataka

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="559" group-title="JTV Kids Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Pogo_Hindi.png",Pogo Hindi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Pogo_Hindi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="636" group-title="JTV News Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Polimer_News.png",Polimer News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Polimer_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="618" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TV9_Telugu_News.png",TV9 Telugu News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TV9_Telugu_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="816" group-title="JTV Kids Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Cartoon_Network_Hindi.png",Cartoon Network Hindi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Cartoon_Network_Hindi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="463" group-title="JTV Infotainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Discovery_HD_World.png",Discovery HD World
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Discovery_HD_World

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="672" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ABP_Ananda.png",ABP Ananda
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ABP_Ananda

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="821" group-title="JTV Infotainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_BBC_Earth_HD.png",Sony BBC Earth HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_BBC_Earth_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="146" group-title="JTV Infotainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/History_HD.png",History TV18 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=History_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="479" group-title="JTV Lifestyle English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TLC_HD_World.png",TLC HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TLC_HD_World

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="561" group-title="JTV Lifestyle Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Food_Food.png",Food Food
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Food_Food

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="560" group-title="JTV Lifestyle English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/NDTV_Good_Times.png",GOOD TiMES
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=NDTV_Good_Times

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="657" group-title="JTV Business Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Business.png",Zee Business
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Business

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="143" group-title="JTV Business English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CNBC_Tv18_Prime_HD.png",CNBC Tv18 Prime HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=CNBC_Tv18_Prime_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="259" group-title="JTV Business English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/NDTV_Profit.png",NDTV Profit
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=NDTV_Profit

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="190" group-title="JTV Business Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CNBC_Awaaz.png",CNBC Awaaz
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=CNBC_Awaaz

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="175" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aastha.png",Aastha
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Aastha

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="594" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aastha_Bhajan.png",Aastha Bhajan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Aastha_Bhajan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="288" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sanskar.png",Sanskar
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sanskar

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1433" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_Science.png",India Science
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=India_Science

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="980" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_01.png",Swayam Prabha 01
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_01

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="981" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_02.png",Swayam Prabha 02
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_02

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="982" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_03.png",Swayam Prabha 03
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_03

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="154" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_SAB.png",Sony SAB
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_SAB

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="472" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/And_TV_HD.png",And TV HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=And_TV_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="279" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Rishtey.png",Rishtey
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Rishtey

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="473" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Anmol.png",Zee Anmol
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Anmol

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="474" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Pal.png",Sony Pal
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_Pal

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="471" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_SAB_HD.png",Sony SAB HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_SAB_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="445" group-title="JTV Entertainment Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Marathi.png",Zee Marathi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Marathi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="755" group-title="JTV Entertainment Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Marathi_HD.png",Colors Marathi HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Marathi_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="757" group-title="JTV Entertainment Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Kannada_HD.png",Colors Kannada HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Kannada_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="689" group-title="JTV Entertainment Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Kannada.png",Zee Kannada
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Kannada

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1157" group-title="JTV Entertainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Comedy_Central_HD.png",Comedy Central HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Comedy_Central_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="638" group-title="JTV Entertainment Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Telugu.png",Zee Telugu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Telugu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="628" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Tamil.png",Zee Tamil
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="196" group-title="JTV Entertainment Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Gujarati.png",Colors Gujarati
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Gujarati

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="625" group-title="JTV Entertainment Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Bangla.png",Zee Bangla
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Bangla

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="756" group-title="JTV Entertainment Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Bengali_HD.png",Colors Bengali HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Bengali_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="481" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Epic_HD.png",Epic
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Epic_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1158" group-title="JTV Entertainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Infinity_HD.png",Colors Infinity HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Infinity_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="414" group-title="JTV Entertainment Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Yuva.png",Zee Yuva
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Yuva

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1171" group-title="JTV Entertainment Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/PTC_Punjabi.png",PTC Punjabi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=PTC_Punjabi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="527" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ID.PNG",Investigation Discovery
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ID

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="528" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_India.png",DD India
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_India

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="202" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_National.png",DD National
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_National

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="532" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dabangg.png",Dabangg
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Dabangg

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="429" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Tamil_HD.png",Colors Tamil HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Tamil_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="536" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Madhya_Pradesh.png",DD Madhya Pradesh
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_Madhya_Pradesh

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="538" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Rajasthan_Jaipur.png",DD Rajasthan (Jaipur)
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_Rajasthan_Jaipur

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="482" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Cineplex.png",Colors Cineplex
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Cineplex

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="762" group-title="JTV Movies English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Pix_HD.png",Sony Pix HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_Pix_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="289" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SET_MAX.png",Sony Max SD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=SET_MAX

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="483" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_MAX2.png",Sony MAX2
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_MAX2

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="185" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/And_Pictures_HD.png",And Pictures HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=And_Pictures_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="484" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Cinema.png",Zee Cinema
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Cinema

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="182" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/B4U_Movies.png",B4U Movies
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=B4U_Movies

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="487" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Classic.png",Zee Bollywood
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Classic

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="486" group-title="JTV Movies Bhojpuri" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Bhojpuri_Cinema.png",Bhojpuri Cinema
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Bhojpuri_Cinema

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="485" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Enterr_10.png",Enterr 10
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Enterr_10

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="488" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Action.png",Zee Action
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Action

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="413" group-title="JTV Movies Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Cinemalu.png",Zee Cinemalu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Cinemalu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="415" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Anmol_Cinema.png",Zee Anmol Cinema
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Anmol_Cinema

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="231" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/IBN_7.png",News 18 India
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=IBN_7

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="235" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_TV.png",India TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=India_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="258" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/NDTV_India.png",NDTV India
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=NDTV_India

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="504" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_News.png",Zee News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="876" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Times_Now_HD.png",Times Now World
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Times_Now_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="255" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/NDTV_24x7.png",NDTV 24x7
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=NDTV_24x7

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="629" group-title="JTV Entertainment Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Telugu.png",ETV Telugu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_Telugu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="778" group-title="JTV News Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Public_TV.png",Public TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Public_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="464" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/24_Ghanta_TV.png",24 Ghanta TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=24_Ghanta_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="632" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sakshi_tv.png",Sakshi tv
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sakshi_tv

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="626" group-title="JTV News Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Suvarna_News.png",Suvarna News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Suvarna_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="646" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/NTV.png",NTV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=NTV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="830" group-title="JTV News Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Thanthi_TV.png",Thanthi TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Thanthi_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="501" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_24.png",News 24
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_24

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="617" group-title="JTV News Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TV9_Maharashtra.png",TV9 Maharashtra
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TV9_Maharashtra

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="938" group-title="JTV News Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/BTV.png",BTV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=BTV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="442" group-title="JTV News Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_24_Taas.png",Zee 24 Taas
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_24_Taas

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="613" group-title="JTV News Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Newslive.png",Newslive
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Newslive

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="892" group-title="JTV Sports Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten3_HD.png",Ten 3 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ten3_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="889" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Sports.png",Jio Sports HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Sports

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="875" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dsports_HD.png",Eurosport HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Dsports_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1156" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football.png",Jio Football HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Football

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1160" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Cricket_1_HD.png",Jio Cricket 1 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Cricket_1_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1165" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_1.png",Jio Football 1 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Football_1

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1167" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_2.png",Jio Football 2 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Football_2

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1168" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_3.png",Jio Football 3 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Football_3

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1169" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_4.png",Jio Football 4 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Football_4

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="514" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten_1.png",Ten 1
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ten_1

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="523" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten_2.png",Ten 2
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ten_2

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="524" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten_3.png",Ten 3
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ten_3

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="525" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Six_SD.png",Sony Six SD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_Six_SD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="585" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zing.png",Zing
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zing

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="587" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/9XM.png",9XM
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=9XM

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="591" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/E_24.png",E 24
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=E_24

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="183" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/B4U_Music.png",B4U Music
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=B4U_Music

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="592" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zoom.png",ZOOM
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zoom

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="248" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MTV.png",MTV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=MTV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="440" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/9X_Jalwa.png",9X Jalwa
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=9X_Jalwa

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="773" group-title="JTV Music Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Public_Music.png",Public Music
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Public_Music

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="420" group-title="JTV Music Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jaya_Max.png",Jaya Max
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jaya_Max

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="741" group-title="JTV Music Bhojpuri" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sangeet_Bhojpuri.png",Sangeet Bhojpuri
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sangeet_Bhojpuri

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1189" group-title="JTV Music Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/PTC_Music.png",PTC Music
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=PTC_Music

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="740" group-title="JTV Music Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sangeet_Bangla.png",Sangeet Bangla
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sangeet_Bangla

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="815" group-title="JTV Kids Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/sonic_Hindi.png",Sonic Hindi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=sonic_Hindi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="872" group-title="JTV Kids Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Yay_Hindi.png",Sony Yay Hindi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_Yay_Hindi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="547" group-title="JTV Kids English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nickelodeon.png",Nickelodeon
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nickelodeon

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="546" group-title="JTV Kids Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nick_Tamil.png",Nick Tamil
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nick_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="542" group-title="JTV Kids Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Pogo_Tamil.png",Pogo Tamil
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Pogo_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1079" group-title="JTV Kids English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CN_HD_English.png",CN HD+ English
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=CN_HD_English

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="817" group-title="JTV Kids Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Cartoon_Network_Tamil.png",Cartoon Network Tamil
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Cartoon_Network_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="543" group-title="JTV Kids Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nick_Telugu.png",Nick Telugu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nick_Telugu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="554" group-title="JTV Kids Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Discovery_Kids_2.png",Discovery Kids 2
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Discovery_Kids_2

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="544" group-title="JTV Kids Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nick_Junior.png",Nick Junior
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nick_Junior

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="286" group-title="JTV Infotainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Animal_Planet_HD.png",Animal Planet HD World
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Animal_Planet_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="164" group-title="JTV Lifestyle English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Travel_XP_HD.png",Travel XP HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Travel_XP_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="566" group-title="JTV Infotainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Animal_Planet_Hindi.png",Animal Planet Hindi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Animal_Planet_Hindi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="575" group-title="JTV Infotainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Discovery_Channel_Hindi.png",Discovery Channel Hindi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Discovery_Channel_Hindi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="578" group-title="JTV Infotainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/History_18_Hindi.png",History TV18 HD Hindi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=History_18_Hindi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="568" group-title="JTV Infotainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Discovery_Science.png",Discovery Science
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Discovery_Science

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="871" group-title="JTV Infotainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Events.png",Jio Events HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Events

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="576" group-title="JTV Infotainment Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Discovery_Channel_Telugu.png",Discovery Channel Telugu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Discovery_Channel_Telugu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="569" group-title="JTV Infotainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Discovery_Channel_Tamil.png",D Tamil
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Discovery_Channel_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="579" group-title="JTV Infotainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/History_18_Tamil.png",History TV18 HD Tamil
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=History_18_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="577" group-title="JTV Infotainment Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/History_18_Telugu.png",History TV18 HD Telugu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=History_18_Telugu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="567" group-title="JTV Infotainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Animal_Planet_English.png",Animal Planet English
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Animal_Planet_English

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1073" group-title="JTV Infotainment Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Samara_News.png",Samara News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Samara_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="573" group-title="JTV Infotainment Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Discovery_Channel_Bengali.png",Discovery Channel Bengali
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Discovery_Channel_Bengali

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="814" group-title="JTV Lifestyle Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Travel_XP_Tamil.png",Travel XP Tamil
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Travel_XP_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="854" group-title="JTV Infotainment Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_BBC_Earth_HD_Telugu.png",Sony BBC Earth HD Telugu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_BBC_Earth_HD_Telugu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="242" group-title="JTV Infotainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Discovery.png",Discovery
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Discovery

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="853" group-title="JTV Infotainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_BBC_Earth_HD_Tamil.png",Sony BBC Earth HD Tamil
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_BBC_Earth_HD_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1075" group-title="JTV Infotainment Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ayush_TV.png",Ayush TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ayush_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="906" group-title="JTV Infotainment Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Desi_Channel.png",Desi Channel
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Desi_Channel

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="562" group-title="JTV Lifestyle Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Travel_XP.png",Travel XP HD Hindi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Travel_XP

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="574" group-title="JTV Lifestyle English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TLC_English.png",TLC English
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TLC_English

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="565" group-title="JTV Lifestyle Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Abhiruchi.png",ETV Abhiruchi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_Abhiruchi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="571" group-title="JTV Lifestyle Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TLC_Hindi.png",TLC Hindi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TLC_Hindi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1201" group-title="JTV Devotional English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sadhguru_Television.png",Sadhguru Television HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sadhguru_Television

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="563" group-title="JTV Lifestyle Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kaumudy_TV.png",Kaumudy TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kaumudy_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="489" group-title="JTV Business English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CNBC_Tv_18.png",CNBC Tv 18
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=CNBC_Tv_18

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="212" group-title="JTV Business English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ET_Now.png",ET Now
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ET_Now

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1907" group-title="JTV Business Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ET_Now_Swadesh.png",ET Now Swadesh
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ET_Now_Swadesh

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="776" group-title="JTV Devotional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Bhakti_TV.png",Bhakti TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Bhakti_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="829" group-title="JTV Devotional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sri_Sankara.png",Sri Sankara
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sri_Sankara

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="937" group-title="JTV Devotional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SaiTV.png",Sai TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=SaiTV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="794" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Peace_of_Mind.png",Peace of Mind
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Peace_of_Mind

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="609" group-title="JTV Devotional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/mh1_Shraddha.png",mh1 Shraddha
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=mh1_Shraddha

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="886" group-title="JTV Devotional Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Lakshya_TV.png",Lakshya TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Lakshya_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="598" group-title="JTV Devotional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sri_Venkateshwar_Bhakti.png",Sri Venkateshwar Bhakti
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sri_Venkateshwar_Bhakti

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="801" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Divya_TV.png",Divya TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Divya_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="602" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Paras_tv.png",Paras tv
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Paras_tv

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="593" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sadhna.png",Sadhna
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sadhna

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="597" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Satsang_TV.png",Satsang TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Satsang_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="835" group-title="JTV Devotional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Angel_TV_HD.png",Angel TV HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Angel_TV_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="772" group-title="JTV Devotional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CVR_OM_Spiritual.png",CVR OM Spiritual
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=CVR_OM_Spiritual

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="777" group-title="JTV Devotional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aradhana_TV.png",Aradhana TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Aradhana_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="596" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jinvani_TV.png",Jinvani TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jinvani_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1191" group-title="JTV Devotional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/PTC_Simran.png",PTC Simran
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=PTC_Simran

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="828" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Shubh_TV.png",Shubh TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Shubh_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1407" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sai_Leela.png",Sai Leela
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sai_Leela

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="955" group-title="JTV Devotional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Hindu_Dharmam.png",Hindu Dharmam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Hindu_Dharmam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="607" group-title="JTV Devotional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Subhavartha_TV.png",Subhavartha TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Subhavartha_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="934" group-title="JTV Devotional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Divya_Vani.png",Divya Vani
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Divya_Vani

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="466" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Arihant_TV.png",Arihant TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Arihant_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="924" group-title="JTV Devotional Urdu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Rujumargam_TV.png",Mercy TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Rujumargam_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="977" group-title="JTV Devotional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Calvary.png",Calvary
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Calvary

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="984" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_04.png",Swayam Prabha 04
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_04

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="986" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_05.png",Swayam Prabha 05
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_05

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="987" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_06.png",Swayam Prabha 06
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_06

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="985" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_07.png",Swayam Prabha 07
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_07

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="983" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_08.png",Swayam Prabha 08
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_08

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="988" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_09.png",Swayam Prabha 09
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_09

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="989" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_10.png",Swayam Prabha 10
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_10

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="990" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_11.png",Swayam Prabha 11
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_11

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="991" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_12.png",Swayam Prabha 12
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_12

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1272" group-title="JTV Sports Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Cricket_4_HD.png",Jio Cricket 4 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Cricket_4_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="992" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_13.png",Swayam Prabha 13
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_13

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="993" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_14.png",Swayam Prabha 14
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_14

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="995" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_15.png",Swayam Prabha 15
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_15

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="994" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_16.png",Swayam Prabha 16
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_16

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="996" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_17.png",Swayam Prabha 17
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_17

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="999" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_18.png",Swayam Prabha 18
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_18

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="401" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_19.png",Swayam Prabha 19
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_19

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="403" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_20.png",Swayam Prabha 20
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_20

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="997" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_21.png",Swayam Prabha 21
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_21

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="998" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_22.png",Swayam Prabha 22
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_22

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="400" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/evidya_1.png",PM e Vidya 01
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=evidya_1

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="402" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/evidya_2.png",PM e Vidya 02
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=evidya_2

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="405" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/evidya_3.png",PM e Vidya 03
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=evidya_3

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="406" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/evidya_4.png",PM e Vidya 04
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=evidya_4

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="407" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/evidya_5.png",PM e Vidya 05
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=evidya_5

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="408" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/evidya_6.png",PM e Vidya 06
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=evidya_6

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="404" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/evidya_7.png",PM e Vidya 07
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=evidya_7

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="533" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_Pariwar.png",Raj Pariwar
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Raj_Pariwar

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="539" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Bihar.png",DD Bihar
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_Bihar

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="540" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Uttar_Pradesh.png",DD Uttar Pradesh
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_Uttar_Pradesh

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="419" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jaya_TV_HD.png",Jaya TV HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jaya_TV_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="844" group-title="JTV Entertainment Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Mazavali_Manorama_HD.png",Mazavali Manorama HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Mazavali_Manorama_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="847" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MK_TV.png",MK TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=MK_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="785" group-title="JTV Entertainment Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Super.png",Colors Super
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Super

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="857" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vendhar_TV.png",Vendhar TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vendhar_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="904" group-title="JTV Entertainment Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sanjha_TV.png",Sanjha TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sanjha_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="919" group-title="JTV Entertainment Bhojpuri" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Anjan_TV.png",Anjan TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Anjan_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="951" group-title="JTV Entertainment Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/GarvPunjabi.png",Garv Punjabi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=GarvPunjabi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="959" group-title="JTV Entertainment Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/JUSPunjabi.png",JUSPunjabi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=JUSPunjabi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="963" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Arre.png",Arre HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Arre

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="796" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Peppers_TV.png",Peppers TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Peppers_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="722" group-title="JTV Entertainment Odia" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sarthak_TV.png",Zee Odisha
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sarthak_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="634" group-title="JTV Entertainment Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Flower_TV.png",Flower TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Flower_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="648" group-title="JTV Entertainment Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Mazhavil_Manorama.png",Mazhavil Manorama
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Mazhavil_Manorama

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="690" group-title="JTV Entertainment Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Bangla.png",DD Bangla
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_Bangla

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="824" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Puthu_Yugam.png",Puthu Yugam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Puthu_Yugam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="691" group-title="JTV Entertainment Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Saam_Tv.png",Saam Tv
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Saam_Tv

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="198" group-title="JTV Entertainment Odia" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Oriya.png",Colors Oriya
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Oriya

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="765" group-title="JTV Entertainment Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jonack.png",Jonack
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jonack

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="623" group-title="JTV Entertainment Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Rang.png",Rang
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Rang

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="635" group-title="JTV Entertainment Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Rengoni.png",Rengoni
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Rengoni

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="692" group-title="JTV Entertainment Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Plus.png",ETV Plus
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_Plus

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1146" group-title="JTV Entertainment Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Marathi_SD.png",Sony Marathi SD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_Marathi_SD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="695" group-title="JTV Entertainment Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Sahayadri.png",DD Sahayadri
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_Sahayadri

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="697" group-title="JTV Entertainment Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_aath.png",Sony aath
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_aath

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="698" group-title="JTV Entertainment Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aakaash_bangla.png",Aakash Aath
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Aakaash_bangla

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="699" group-title="JTV Entertainment Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Malayalam.png",DD Malayalam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_Malayalam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="701" group-title="JTV Entertainment Bhojpuri" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dangal.png",Dangal
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Dangal

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="702" group-title="JTV Entertainment Odia" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Oriya.png",DD Oriya
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_Oriya

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="705" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Polimer_TV.png",Polimer TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Polimer_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="707" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_TV.png",Raj TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Raj_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="708" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Makkal_TV.png",Makkal TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Makkal_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="710" group-title="JTV Entertainment Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kairali_TV.png",Kairali TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kairali_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="711" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Captain_tv.png",Captain tv
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Captain_tv

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="712" group-title="JTV Entertainment Urdu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_urdu.png",DD urdu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_urdu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="706" group-title="JTV Entertainment Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Saptagiri.png",DD Saptagiri
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_Saptagiri

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="713" group-title="JTV Entertainment Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD9_chandana_kannada.png",DD9 chandana (kannada)
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD9_chandana_kannada

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="714" group-title="JTV Entertainment Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Girnar.png",DD Girnar
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_Girnar

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="715" group-title="JTV Entertainment Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Punjabi.png",DD Punjabi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_Punjabi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="716" group-title="JTV Entertainment Urdu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Kashir.png",DD Kashir
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_Kashir

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="719" group-title="JTV Entertainment Nepali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nepal_one.png",Nepal one
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nepal_one

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="720" group-title="JTV Entertainment Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD13_Guwahati_NE.png",DD13 Guwahati NE
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD13_Guwahati_NE

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="723" group-title="JTV Entertainment Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Amrita_TV.png",Amrita TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Amrita_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="725" group-title="JTV News Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kairali_People_TV.png",Kairali News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kairali_People_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="726" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD5_Podhigai.png",DD5 Podhigai
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD5_Podhigai

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="727" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vasanth_TV.png",Vasanth TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vasanth_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="728" group-title="JTV Entertainment Urdu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Salaam.png",Zee Salaam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Salaam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="730" group-title="JTV Entertainment Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kasturi.png",Kasturi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kasturi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="731" group-title="JTV Entertainment Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kairali_WE_TV.png",Kairali WE TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kairali_WE_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="734" group-title="JTV Entertainment Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vissa_TV.png",Vissa TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vissa_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="736" group-title="JTV Entertainment Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Maiboli.png",Maiboli
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Maiboli

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1066" group-title="JTV Entertainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TheQIndia.png",The Q
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TheQIndia

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1076" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Andy_Haryana.png",Andy Haryana
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Andy_Haryana

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1100" group-title="JTV Entertainment Bhojpuri" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dishum_TV.png",Dishum TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Dishum_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1144" group-title="JTV Entertainment Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Namma_TV.png",Namma TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Namma_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1151" group-title="JTV Entertainment Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Rangamanch.png",Rangamanch
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Rangamanch

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="534" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dillagi_TV.png",Dillagi TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Dillagi_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="535" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dhamaal_TV.png",Dhamaal TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Dhamaal_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="153" group-title="JTV Movies Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Talkies.png",Zee Talkies
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Talkies

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="417" group-title="JTV Movies Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/J_Movies.png",J Movies
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=J_Movies

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="685" group-title="JTV Movies Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Bangla_Cinema.png",Zee Bangla Cinema
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Bangla_Cinema

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="252" group-title="JTV Movies Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Cinema.png",ETV Cinema
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_Cinema

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="738" group-title="JTV Movies Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Fakt_Marathi.png",Fakt Marathi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Fakt_Marathi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="946" group-title="JTV Movies Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Pitaara.png",Pitaara
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Pitaara

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="809" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Maha_Movies.png",Maha Movies
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Maha_Movies

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="683" group-title="JTV Movies Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_Digital_Plus.png",Raj Digital Plus
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Raj_Digital_Plus

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1190" group-title="JTV Movies Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/PTC_Punjabi_Gold.png",PTC Punjabi Gold 
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=PTC_Punjabi_Gold

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="883" group-title="JTV Movies Bhojpuri" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Osar_Movies.png",Oscar Movies
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Osar_Movies

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="908" group-title="JTV Movies Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Indradhanu.png",Indradhanu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Indradhanu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1101" group-title="JTV Movies Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Amaar_Cinema.png",Amaar Cinema
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Amaar_Cinema

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="666" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ABN_Andhra_Jyothi.png",ABN Andhra Jyothi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ABN_Andhra_Jyothi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="499" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_Nation.png",News Nation
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_Nation

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="718" group-title="JTV News Odia" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kanak_TV.png",Kanak News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kanak_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="498" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_news.png",India news
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=India_news

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="677" group-title="JTV News Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Puthiya_Thalimurai.png",Puthiya Thalimurai
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Puthiya_Thalimurai

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="693" group-title="JTV News Bhojpuri" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_BIHAR.png",News18 BIHAR
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_BIHAR

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="923" group-title="JTV News Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dighvijay_TV.png",Dighvijay TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Dighvijay_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="724" group-title="JTV News Odia" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Kalinga.png",Zee Kalinga
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Kalinga

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="620" group-title="JTV News Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_News_Gujarati.png",News18 Gujarati
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_News_Gujarati

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="502" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Tez.png",Good News Today
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Tez

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="180" group-title="JTV News Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Asianet_News.png",Asianet News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Asianet_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="823" group-title="JTV Infotainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_BBC_Earth_SD.png",Sony BBC Earth SD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_BBC_Earth_SD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="653" group-title="JTV News Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Kannada_News.png",News18 Kannada News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_Kannada_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="673" group-title="JTV News Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News7_Tamil.png",News7 Tamil
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News7_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="633" group-title="JTV News Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DY_365.png",DY 365
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DY_365

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="232" group-title="JTV News Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/IBN_Lokmat.png",News18 Lokmat
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=IBN_Lokmat

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="647" group-title="JTV News Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Pratidin_News.png",Pratidin Time
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Pratidin_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="616" group-title="JTV News Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Tv_9_Gujarat.png",Tv 9 Gujarat
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Tv_9_Gujarat

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="531" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_RAJASTHAN.png",News18 RAJASTHAN
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_RAJASTHAN

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="717" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Bangla_News.png",News18 Bangla News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_Bangla_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="792" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_State_UK_UP.png",News State UK UP
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_State_UK_UP

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="627" group-title="JTV News Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_18_Assam.png",News 18 Assam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_18_Assam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="641" group-title="JTV News Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ABP_Asmita.png",ABP Asmita
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ABP_Asmita

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="624" group-title="JTV News Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Prag_News.png",Prag News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Prag_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="529" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_MP.png",News18 MP
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_MP

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="770" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kashish_News.png",Kashish News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kashish_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="769" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/V6_News.png",V6 News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=V6_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="614" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Andhra_pradesh.png",ETV Andhra pradesh
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_Andhra_pradesh

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="615" group-title="JTV News Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_18_Tamilnadu.png",News 18 Tamilnadu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_18_Tamilnadu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="662" group-title="JTV News Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Manorama_News.png",Manorama News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Manorama_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="780" group-title="JTV News Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Mathrubhumi_News.png",Mathrubhumi News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Mathrubhumi_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="493" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_Today.png",India Today
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=India_Today

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="956" group-title="JTV News Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TV_5_Kannada.png",TV 5 Kannada
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TV_5_Kannada

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="204" group-title="JTV Sports Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Sports.png",DD Sports
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_Sports

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="845" group-title="JTV Music Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MK_Music.png",MK Music
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=MK_Music

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="250" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Music_India.png",Music India
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Music_India

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="803" group-title="JTV Music Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Tunes_6.png",Tunes 6
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Tunes_6

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="743" group-title="JTV Music Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_Music_Kannada.png",Raj Music Kannada
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Raj_Music_Kannada

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="639" group-title="JTV Music Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ramdhenu.png",Ramdhenu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ramdhenu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="748" group-title="JTV Music Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_Musix.png",Raj Musix
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Raj_Musix

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1172" group-title="JTV Music Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/PTC_Chak_De.png",PTC Chak De
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=PTC_Chak_De

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="732" group-title="JTV Music Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/9X_Tashan.png",9X Tashan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=9X_Tashan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="749" group-title="JTV Music Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sahana_Music.png",Sahana Music
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sahana_Music

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1188" group-title="JTV Music Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/PTC_DHOL_TV.png",PTC DHOL TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=PTC_DHOL_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="742" group-title="JTV Music Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/mh1_Music.png",mh1 (Music)
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=mh1_Music

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="735" group-title="JTV Music Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sangeet_Marathi.png",Sangeet Marathi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sangeet_Marathi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="441" group-title="JTV Music Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/9x_Jhakaas.png",9x Jhakaas
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=9x_Jhakaas

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="903" group-title="JTV Music Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Only_Music.png",Only Music
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Only_Music

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="905" group-title="JTV Music Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/PBN_Music.png",PBN Music
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=PBN_Music

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="737" group-title="JTV Music Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_Music_Telugu.png",Raj Music Telugu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Raj_Music_Telugu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1192" group-title="JTV Music English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Brit_Asia.png",Brit Asia
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Brit_Asia

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="786" group-title="JTV Music Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kappa_TV.png",Kappa TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kappa_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1103" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/PEACE_MUSIC.png",PEACE MUSIC
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=PEACE_MUSIC

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="739" group-title="JTV Music Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_Music_Malayalam.png",Raj Music Malayalam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Raj_Music_Malayalam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1184" group-title="JTV Music Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Steelbird_Music.png",Steelbird Music
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Steelbird_Music

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="832" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/10_TV.png",10 TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=10_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="658" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_News_MP_Chattisgarh.png",Zee News MP Chattisgarh
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_News_MP_Chattisgarh

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="503" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/IBC-24.png",IBC24
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=IBC-24

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="642" group-title="JTV News Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/VTV_Gujarati.png",VTV Gujarati
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=VTV_Gujarati

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="668" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TV_5_News.png",TV 5 News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TV_5_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="866" group-title="JTV Entertainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Exclusive.png",Jio Exclusive HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Exclusive

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1232" group-title="JTV Entertainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Hi_Dost.png",Hi Dost!
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Hi_Dost

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="675" group-title="JTV News Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Assam_Talks.png",Assam Talks
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Assam_Talks

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="687" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_Time_TV.png",News Time TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_Time_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="661" group-title="JTV News Bhojpuri" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Purvaiya.png",Zee Purvaiya
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Purvaiya

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="779" group-title="JTV News Odia" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Prameya_News_7.png",Prameya News 7
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Prameya_News_7

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="784" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CVR_News.png",CVR News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=CVR_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="659" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Rajasthan.png",Zee Rajasthan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Rajasthan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="530" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_UP.png",News18 UP
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_UP

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="696" group-title="JTV News Odia" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_News_Oriya.png",News18 Oriya
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_News_Oriya

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="667" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/T_News.png",T News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=T_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="782" group-title="JTV News Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sandesh_News.png",Sandesh News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sandesh_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="203" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_News.png",DD News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="954" group-title="JTV News Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Prajaa_TV.png",Prajaa TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Prajaa_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="418" group-title="JTV News Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jaya_Plus.png",Jaya Plus
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jaya_Plus

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="826" group-title="JTV News Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Malai_Murasu.png",Malai Murasu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Malai_Murasu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="910" group-title="JTV News Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Media_One_TV.png",Media One TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Media_One_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="929" group-title="JTV News Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_24_Kalak.png",Zee 24 Kalak
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_24_Kalak

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="142" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/BBC_World_News.png",BBC World News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=BBC_World_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="630" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Telangana.png",ETV Telangana
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_Telangana

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="781" group-title="JTV News Odia" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kalinga_TV.png",Kalinga TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kalinga_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="810" group-title="JTV News Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Janam_TV.png",Janam TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Janam_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="512" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_News_UP.png",India News UP
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=India_News_UP

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="965" group-title="JTV News Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_18_Kerala.png",News 18 Kerala
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_18_Kerala

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="800" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Maha_News.png",Maha News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Maha_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="665" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/HM_TV.png",HM TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=HM_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="290" group-title="JTV Kids Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/sonic_Tamil.png",sonic Tamil
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=sonic_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="166" group-title="JTV Kids Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Cartoon_Network_Telugu.png",Cartoon Network Telugu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Cartoon_Network_Telugu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="550" group-title="JTV Kids Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Discovery_Kids_Tamil.png",Discovery Kids Tamil
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Discovery_Kids_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="583" group-title="JTV Infotainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Kisan.png",DD Kisan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_Kisan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="570" group-title="JTV Infotainment Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Life.png",ETV Life
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_Life

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="422" group-title="JTV Infotainment Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/InGoa24x7.png",In Goa 24x7
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=InGoa24x7

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="775" group-title="JTV Infotainment Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vanitha.png",Vanitha
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vanitha

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="774" group-title="JTV Infotainment Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CVR_Health.png",CVR Health
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=CVR_Health

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="541" group-title="JTV Infotainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Discovery_Turbo.png",Discovery Turbo
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Discovery_Turbo

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="852" group-title="JTV Infotainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_BBC_Earth_HD_English.png",Sony BBC Earth HD English
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_BBC_Earth_HD_English

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="962" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Boogle_Bollywood.png",Boogle Bollywood
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Boogle_Bollywood

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="953" group-title="JTV Lifestyle Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Propex_TV.png",Propex TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Propex_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="797" group-title="JTV Lifestyle Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sakhi_TV.png",testii
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sakhi_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="490" group-title="JTV Business Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CNBC_Bazaar_MNO.png",CNBC Bazaar (MNO)
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=CNBC_Bazaar_MNO

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="599" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Disha_tv.png",Disha tv
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Disha_tv

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="856" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vedic_TV.png",Vedic TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vedic_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="611" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Darshan_24.png",Darshan 24
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Darshan_24

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="939" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Bhaktisagar.png",Bhaktisagar 2
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Bhaktisagar

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="601" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ishwar_TV.png",Ishwar TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ishwar_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="605" group-title="JTV Devotional Urdu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Channel_Win.png",Channel Win
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Channel_Win

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="603" group-title="JTV Devotional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nambikkai.png",Nambikkai
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nambikkai

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="879" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Harekrsna.png",Hare krsna
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Harekrsna

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="887" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Garv_Swaminarayan.png",Swar Shree
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Garv_Swaminarayan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="608" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Shubhsandesh_TV.png",Shubhsandesh TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Shubhsandesh_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="606" group-title="JTV Devotional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Shalom.png",Shalom
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Shalom

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1159" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Tulja_Bhavani.png",Tulja Bhavani
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Tulja_Bhavani

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="972" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sarv_Dharam_Sangam.png",Sarv Dharam Sangam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sarv_Dharam_Sangam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1077" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sharnam_TV.png",Sharnam TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sharnam_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="952" group-title="JTV Devotional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/GarvGurbani.png",Garv Punjabi Gurbani
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=GarvGurbani

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1174" group-title="JTV Devotional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Fateh_TV.png",Fateh TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Fateh_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1187" group-title="JTV Devotional Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Valambhakti.png",Valam TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Valambhakti

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="964" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Om_Shanti.png",Om Shanti
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Om_Shanti

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1186" group-title="JTV Devotional Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kartavya_Tv.png",Kartavya TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kartavya_Tv

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1099" group-title="JTV Devotional Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Hamari_Sanskruti_TV.png",Hamari Sanskruti
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Hamari_Sanskruti_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="961" group-title="JTV Devotional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/JUSOne.png",JUSOne
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=JUSOne

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1078" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Soham_TV.png",Soham TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Soham_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1175" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Awakening.png",Awakening
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Awakening

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1176" group-title="JTV Devotional Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SRMD.png",SRMD HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=SRMD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1193" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Hare_Krsna_music.png",Hare Krsna Music
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Hare_Krsna_music

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="409" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/_evidya_8.png",PM e Vidya 08
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=_evidya_8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="410" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/_evidya_9.png",PM e Vidya 09
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=_evidya_9

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="411" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/evidya_10.png",PM e Vidya 10
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=evidya_10

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1410" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/evidya_11.png",PM e Vidya 11
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=evidya_11

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1532" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/evidya_12.png",PM e Vidya 12
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=evidya_12

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1069" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_1.png",Vande Gujarat 1
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_1

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1070" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_2.png",Vande Gujarat 2
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_2

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1082" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_3.png",Vande Gujarat 3
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_3

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1071" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_4.png",Vande Gujarat 4
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_4

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1083" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_5.png",Vande Gujarat 5
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_5

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1084" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_6.png",Vande Gujarat 6
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_6

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1085" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_7.png",Vande Gujarat 7
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_7

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1086" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_8.png",Vande Gujarat 8
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1087" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_9.png",Vande Gujarat 9
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_9

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1088" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_10.png",Vande Gujarat 10
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_10

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1089" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_11.png",Vande Gujarat 11
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_11

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1090" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_12.png",Vande Gujarat 12
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_12

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1091" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_13.png",Vande Gujarat 13
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_13

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1092" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_14.png",Vande Gujarat 14
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_14

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1093" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_15.png",Vande Gujarat 15
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_15

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1094" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_16.png",Vande Gujarat 16
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_16

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="807" group-title="JTV News Urdu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Gulistan_News.png",Gulistan News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Gulistan_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="768" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jan_TV.png",Jan TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jan_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="651" group-title="JTV News Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_News_Kannada.png",Raj News Kannada
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Raj_News_Kannada

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1523" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/GSB_Worldwide.png",G S B Worldwide
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=GSB_Worldwide

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1524" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ashtavinayak.png",Ashtavinayak
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ashtavinayak

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="694" group-title="JTV News Urdu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Urdu.png",News18 Urdu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_Urdu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="516" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_News_Haryana.png",India News Haryana
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=India_News_Haryana

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="513" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_News_Rajasthan.png",India News Rajasthan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=India_News_Rajasthan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="643" group-title="JTV News Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/GS_TV.png",GS TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=GS_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="631" group-title="JTV News Odia" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MBC.png",MBC
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=MBC

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="509" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sahara_Samay_Bihar.png",Sahara Samay Bihar
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sahara_Samay_Bihar

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="652" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_SANGAM.png",Zee Hindustan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_SANGAM

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="551" group-title="JTV Kids English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEST14_HD.png",TEST14 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TEST14_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="808" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Hindi_Khabar.png",Hindi Khabar
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Hindi_Khabar

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="654" group-title="JTV News Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Punjabi_HP_Haryana.png",Zee Punjabi HP Haryana
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Punjabi_HP_Haryana

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="927" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/First_India_News.png",First India News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=First_India_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="882" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News11.png",News11
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News11

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="950" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/RPLUS.png",R Plus
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=RPLUS

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="507" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SAHARA_SAMAY_MP.png",SAHARA SAMAY MP
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=SAHARA_SAMAY_MP

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="645" group-title="JTV News Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Captain_News.png",Captain News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Captain_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="790" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/I_News.png",I News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=I_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="495" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_X.png",News X
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_X

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="491" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Mirror_Now.png",Mirror Now
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Mirror_Now

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="515" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_News_MP.png",India News MP
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=India_News_MP

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="671" group-title="JTV News Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sathiyam.png",Sathiyam TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sathiyam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="799" group-title="JTV News Odia" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Naxatra_News.png",Naxatra News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Naxatra_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="572" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Living_Foodz.png",Zee UP UK
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Living_Foodz

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="193" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CNN.png",CNN
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=CNN

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="517" group-title="JTV News Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Chardikla_Time_TV.png",Chardikla Time TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Chardikla_Time_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="518" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sudarshan.png",Sudarshan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sudarshan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="789" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/JK_24x7_News.png",JK 24x7 News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=JK_24x7_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="494" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/AL_Jazeera.png",AL Jazeera
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=AL_Jazeera

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1170" group-title="JTV News Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/PTC_News.png",PTC News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=PTC_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="791" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Taaza_TV.png",Taaza TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Taaza_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="973" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Onkar_Only_Truth.png",Onkar Only Truth
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Onkar_Only_Truth

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="771" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Live_Today.png",Live Today
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Live_Today

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="506" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sahara_Samay_Rastriya.png",Sahara Samay Rastriya
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sahara_Samay_Rastriya

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="511" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Mh_One_News.png",Mh One News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Mh_One_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="880" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Janta_TV.png",Janta TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Janta_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="655" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Haryana_and_HP_News.png",News18 Haryana and HP News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_Haryana_and_HP_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="855" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Total_TV.png",Total TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Total_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="978" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEST1_HD.png",TEST1 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TEST1_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="979" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEST2_HD.png",TEST2 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TEST2_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="508" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SAHARA_SAMAY_UP.png",SAHARA SAMAY UP
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=SAHARA_SAMAY_UP

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="412" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Wion.png",Wion
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Wion

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="918" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Bharat_Samachar.png",Bharat Samachar
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Bharat_Samachar

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="783" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/K_News_India.png",K News India
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=K_News_India

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="637" group-title="JTV News Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/North_East_Live.png",North East Live
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=North_East_Live

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="804" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Samachar_Plus.png",Samachar Plus
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Samachar_Plus

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="793" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Samay_Rajasthan.png",Samay Rajasthan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Samay_Rajasthan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="664" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_News_Telugu.png",Raj News Telugu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Raj_News_Telugu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="496" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/dw.png",dw
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=dw

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="522" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Loksabha_TV.png",Sansad TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Loksabha_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="843" group-title="JTV News Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Madhimugam_TV.png",Madhimugam TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Madhimugam_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="520" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Rajyasabha.png",Sansad TV HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_Rajyasabha

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="885" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TV_5_Monde.png",TV5 Monde
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TV_5_Monde

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="970" group-title="JTV News Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Win_TV.png",Win TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Win_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="944" group-title="JTV News Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Mantavya_News.png",Mantavya News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Mantavya_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="933" group-title="JTV News Urdu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/4_TV.png",4 TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=4_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="936" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_1_India.png",News 1 India
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_1_India

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="846" group-title="JTV News Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MK_News.png",MKN
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=MK_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="917" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/APN_News.png",APN News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=APN_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="465" group-title="JTV News Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jaihind_tv.png",Jaihind tv
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jaihind_tv

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="842" group-title="JTV News Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jeevan_TV.png",Jeevan TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jeevan_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="916" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TV_100.png",TV 100
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TV_100

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1179" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Bansal_News.png",Bansal News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Bansal_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="788" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_Voice.png",India Voice
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=India_Voice

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="926" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/A1_TV_Rajasthan.png",A1 TV Rajasthan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=A1_TV_Rajasthan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="957" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/INH_24x7.png",INH 24x7
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=INH_24x7

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="907" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/GoodNews_Channel.png",GoodNews Channel
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=GoodNews_Channel

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="850" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_India_24_X_7.png",News India 24x7
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_India_24_X_7

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="831" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Living_India_News.png",Living India News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Living_India_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="851" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SMBC_TV.png",SMBC TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=SMBC_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="519" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sadhna_News_Plus.png",Sadhna News Plus
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sadhna_News_Plus

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="764" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Channel_News_Asia_International.png",Channel News Asia International
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Channel_News_Asia_International

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="421" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Goa365.png",GOA 365
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Goa365

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="838" group-title="JTV News French" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/France_24.png",France 24
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=France_24

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="650" group-title="JTV News Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_News_Malayalam.png",Raj News Malayalam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Raj_News_Malayalam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="921" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Prime_News.png",Prime News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Prime_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="837" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Euro_News.png",Euro News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Euro_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="966" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/PrudentHD.png",Prudent
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=PrudentHD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="915" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Khabar_Fast.png",Khabar Fast
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Khabar_Fast

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1185" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swadesh_News.png",Swadesh News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swadesh_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="960" group-title="JTV News Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/JUS24x7.png",JUS 24x7
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=JUS24x7

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1102" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/RDX_News.png",RDX Goa
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=RDX_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="787" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CVR_English.png",CVR English
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=CVR_English

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="958" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DNN.png",DNN
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DNN

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="975" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jantantra.png",Jantantra
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jantantra

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="767" group-title="JTV News Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_News_24x7.png",Raj News 24x7
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Raj_News_24x7

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="874" group-title="JTV Kids Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Yay_Telugu.png",Sony Yay Telugu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_Yay_Telugu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="873" group-title="JTV Kids Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Yay_Tamil.png",Sony Yay Tamil
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_Yay_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="548" group-title="JTV Kids English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nickelodeon_Jr.png",Nickelodeon Jr.
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nickelodeon_Jr

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1081" group-title="JTV Kids Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CN_HD_Tamil.png",CN HD+ Tamil
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=CN_HD_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1080" group-title="JTV Kids Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CN_HD_Telugu.png",CN HD+ Telugu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=CN_HD_Telugu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="580" group-title="JTV Infotainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_bharati.png",DD bharati
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_bharati

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="582" group-title="JTV Infotainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Care_World.png",Care World
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Care_World

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="888" group-title="JTV Infotainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Insight.png",Insight HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Insight

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1162" group-title="JTV Infotainment Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Prime_Asia_Tv.png",Prime Asia HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Prime_Asia_Tv

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="158" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Star_Plus_HD.png",Star Plus HD IP
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Star_Plus_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="367" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Star_Utsav.png",Star Utsav HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Star_Utsav

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="443" group-title="JTV Entertainment Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Asianet.png",Asianet HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Asianet

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="368" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Star_Vijay.png",Star Vijay HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Star_Vijay

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="317" group-title="JTV Entertainment Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Star_Jalsha.png",Star Jalsha HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Star_Jalsha

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="758" group-title="JTV Entertainment Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Maa_TV.png",Maa TV HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Maa_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="759" group-title="JTV Entertainment Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Maa_Gold.png",Maa Gold HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Maa_Gold

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="931" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Star_Bharat_HD.png",Star Bharat HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Star_Bharat_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="181" group-title="JTV Entertainment Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Asianet_Plus.png",Asianet Plus HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Asianet_Plus

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="336" group-title="JTV Entertainment Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Star_Pravah.png",Star Pravah HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Star_Pravah

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="370" group-title="JTV Entertainment Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Suvarna.png",Suvarna HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Suvarna

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="458" group-title="JTV Entertainment Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Asianet_Suvarna_HD.png",Suvarna Plus HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Asianet_Suvarna_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="156" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Star_Gold_HD.png",Star Gold HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Star_Gold_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="457" group-title="JTV Movies Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jalsa_Movies_HD.png",Jalsha Movies HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jalsa_Movies_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="760" group-title="JTV Movies Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Maa_Movies.png",Maa Movies HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Maa_Movies

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="247" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Movies_OK.png",Movies OK HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Movies_OK

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="459" group-title="JTV Movies Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Asianet_Movies_HD.png",Asianet Movies HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Asianet_Movies_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="460" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Star_Sports_Select_HD_1.png",Star Sports Select HD1
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Star_Sports_Select_HD_1

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="159" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Star_Sports_HD_1.png",Star Sports 1
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Star_Sports_HD_1

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="160" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Star_Sports_HD_2.png",Star Sports 2
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Star_Sports_HD_2

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="362" group-title="JTV Sports Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Star_Sports_3.png",Star Sports Hindi 1
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Star_Sports_3

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="461" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Star_Sports_Select_HD_2.png",Star Sports Select HD2
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Star_Sports_Select_HD_2

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1340" group-title="JTV Kids Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nick_Malayalam.png",Nick Malayalam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nick_Malayalam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1341" group-title="JTV Kids Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nick_Bangla.png",Nick Bangla
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nick_Bangla

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1342" group-title="JTV Kids Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nick_Marathi.png",Nick Marathi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nick_Marathi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1344" group-title="JTV Kids Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sonic_Malayalam.png",Sonic Malayalam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sonic_Malayalam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1345" group-title="JTV Kids Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sonic_Bangla.png",Sonic Bangla
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sonic_Bangla

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1346" group-title="JTV Kids Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sonic_Marathi.png",Sonic Marathi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sonic_Marathi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1227" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Digishala.png",Digishala
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Digishala

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1337" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Top_Tutor.png",Top Tutor
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Top_Tutor

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1428" group-title="JTV Educational Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Gyan_Brikshya.png",Gyan Brikshya
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Gyan_Brikshya

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1456" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Manipur_Educational_Channel.png",Lairik
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Manipur_Educational_Channel

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1447" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TV_Teacher.png",TV Teacher
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TV_Teacher

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1434" group-title="JTV Educational Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Utkarsh_Primary.png",Utkarsh Primary
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Utkarsh_Primary

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1435" group-title="JTV Educational Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Utkarsh_Middle.png",Utkarsh HSBTE
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Utkarsh_Middle

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1436" group-title="JTV Educational Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Utkarsh_Secondary.png",Utkarsh Secondary
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Utkarsh_Secondary

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1437" group-title="JTV Educational Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Utkarsh_Higher.png",Utkarsh Higher
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Utkarsh_Higher

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1439" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Meluha.png",Meluha
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Meluha

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1460" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Home_Learning_Gujarat.png",Home Learning Gujarat Standard-9
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Home_Learning_Gujarat

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1429" group-title="JTV Educational Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/KITE_Victers.png",KITE VICTERS
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=KITE_Victers

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1449" group-title="JTV Devotional English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Parmarth_TV.png",Parmarth TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Parmarth_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1161" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Cricket_2_HD.png",Jio Cricket 2 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Cricket_2_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1163" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Esports_HD.png",JioGames HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Esports_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1166" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Cricket_3.png",Jio Cricket 3 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Cricket_3

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1324" group-title="JTV Movies Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Gujarati_Cinema.png",Colors Gujarati Cinema
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Gujarati_Cinema

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1326" group-title="JTV Entertainment Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Marathi_SD.png",Colors Marathi SD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Marathi_SD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1368" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_SD.png",Colors SD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_SD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1369" group-title="JTV Entertainment Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Bangla_SD.png",Colors Bangla SD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Bangla_SD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1370" group-title="JTV Entertainment Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Kannada_SD.png",Colors Kannada SD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Kannada_SD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1378" group-title="JTV Music English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/VH1.png",VH1
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=VH1

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1400" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MTV_Beats_SD.png",MTV Beats SD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=MTV_Beats_SD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1478" group-title="JTV Educational Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Akal_Academy_Group.png",Akal Academy Group
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Akal_Academy_Group

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1480" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/IMS_School.png",IMS Schools Grade 1 - 8
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=IMS_School

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1481" group-title="JTV News Odia" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Argus_TV.png",Argus News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Argus_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1482" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Amma.png",AMMA TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Amma

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1518" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Moon_Tv.png",Moon TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Moon_Tv

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1521" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Birla_Brainiacs.png",Birla Brainiacs
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Birla_Brainiacs

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1526" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vedant_TV.png",Vedant TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vedant_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1527" group-title="JTV Music Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Haryanvi_Hits.png",Haryanvi Hits
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Haryanvi_Hits

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1529" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MI_TV.png",MI TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=MI_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1531" group-title="JTV Educational Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Gyanvani_1.png",Gyanvani 1
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Gyanvani_1

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1533" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Chardham_Darshan.png",Chardham Darshan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Chardham_Darshan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1542" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Tute.png",Tute
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Tute

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1545" group-title="JTV Educational Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Punjab_School_TV.png",Punjab School TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Punjab_School_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1547" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/AAS_Vidyalaya.png",AAS Vidyalaya CBSE NCERT
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=AAS_Vidyalaya

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1548" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Khandoba_Majha_Jejuri.png",Khandoba Majha, Jejuri
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Khandoba_Majha_Jejuri

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1549" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DharmaGranth_TV.png",Dharm Granth TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DharmaGranth_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1551" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/P_News.png",P News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=P_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1552" group-title="JTV Infotainment Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Malnadu_TV.png",Malanadu TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Malnadu_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1553" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ABSTAR_News.png",AB Star News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ABSTAR_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1554" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sanatan_TV.png",Sanatan TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sanatan_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1557" group-title="JTV Infotainment Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Express_TV.png",Express TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Express_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1558" group-title="JTV Educational Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Express_TV_Shikshana.png",Express Shikshana
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Express_TV_Shikshana

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1559" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jigyasa_TV.png",Jigyasa TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jigyasa_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1560" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/35mm.png",35mm
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=35mm

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1561" group-title="JTV Infotainment Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sristi_TV.png",Sristi TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sristi_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1562" group-title="JTV Educational Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Himshiksha_Elementary.png",Himshiksha Elementary
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Himshiksha_Elementary

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1563" group-title="JTV Educational Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Himshiksha_Higher.png",Himshiksha Higher
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Himshiksha_Higher

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1564" group-title="JTV Educational Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Himshiksha_Vocational.png",Himshiksha Vocational
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Himshiksha_Vocational

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1565" group-title="JTV Educational Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/AP_BIE_ARTS.png",AP-BIE-ARTS
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=AP_BIE_ARTS

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1566" group-title="JTV Educational Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/AP_BIE_SCIENCE.png",AP-BIE-SCIENCE
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=AP_BIE_SCIENCE

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1567" group-title="JTV Educational Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/AP_CIE_SIVE.png",AP-CIE-SIVE
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=AP_CIE_SIVE

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1568" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Atmadarshan_TV.png",Atmadarshan TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Atmadarshan_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1590" group-title="JTV Educational Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sanskritam.png",Sanskrit
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sanskritam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1592" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Lokmanch_News.png",Lokmanch News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Lokmanch_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1593" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Lifology.png",Lifology
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Lifology

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1594" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Samachar_24.png",Samachar 24
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Samachar_24

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1598" group-title="JTV Lifestyle English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/FTV_HD.png",FTV HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=FTV_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1599" group-title="JTV Infotainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/InWild_HD.png",InWild HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=InWild_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1601" group-title="JTV Kids English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ZooMoo_HD.png",ZooMoo HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ZooMoo_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1602" group-title="JTV Infotainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Smithsonian_HD.png",Smithsonian HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Smithsonian_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1605" group-title="JTV Devotional Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Bangla_Bhakti.png",Bangla Bhakti
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Bangla_Bhakti

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1606" group-title="JTV Infotainment Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ken_Kerelam_TV.png",Ken TV Keralam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ken_Kerelam_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1607" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Manav_Dharam.png",Manav Dharam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Manav_Dharam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1608" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MP_News.png",MP News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=MP_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1609" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ishvani_TV.png",Ishvani TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ishvani_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1610" group-title="JTV News Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Divyang_News.png",Divyang News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Divyang_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1612" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Tara_TV.png",Tara TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Tara_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1613" group-title="JTV Educational Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Medha_Secondary.png",Medha Secondary
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Medha_Secondary

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1614" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Omnicuris.png",Omnicuris
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Omnicuris

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1617" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_Ahead.png",India Ahead
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=India_Ahead

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1618" group-title="JTV News Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Real_News_Kerala.png",Real News Kerala
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Real_News_Kerala

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1655" group-title="JTV Devotional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Madha_TV.png",Madha TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Madha_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1667" group-title="JTV Kids Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Rongeen_TV.png",Rongeen TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Rongeen_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1670" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/C_News_Bharat.png",C News Bharat
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=C_News_Bharat

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1672" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Gyanvani_2.png",Gyanvani 2
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Gyanvani_2

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1673" group-title="JTV Educational Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/PTD_Chhattisgarrh.png",PTD Chhattisgarrh
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=PTD_Chhattisgarrh

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1674" group-title="JTV Educational Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Samveda.png",Samveda
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Samveda

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1675" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ESG.png",ESG TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ESG

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1690" group-title="JTV Devotional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/BVTV.png",BVTV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=BVTV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1692" group-title="JTV News Odia" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Badakhabar.png",Badakhabar
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Badakhabar

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1694" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Haryana_Beats.png",Haryana Beats
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Haryana_Beats

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1695" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Prime_TV.png",Prime TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Prime_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1696" group-title="JTV Infotainment Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SSV_TV.png",SSV TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=SSV_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1697" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/FM_News.png",FM News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=FM_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1698" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/IND_24.png",IND 24
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=IND_24

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1699" group-title="JTV News Urdu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ANN_Kashmir.png",ANN News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ANN_Kashmir

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1705" group-title="JTV Devotional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Shri_Hingulambika_Devi_Temple.png",Shri Hingulambika Devi Temple
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Shri_Hingulambika_Devi_Temple

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1706" group-title="JTV Devotional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Shri_Mangal_Dev_Grah_Temple.png",Shri Mangal Dev Grah Temple
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Shri_Mangal_Dev_Grah_Temple

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1708" group-title="JTV Music Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SKY_12.png",SKY 12
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=SKY_12

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1725" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/24hrs_TV.png",24Hrs TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=24hrs_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1726" group-title="JTV News Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/BBC_Gujarati.png",BBC News Gujarati
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=BBC_Gujarati

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1728" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Anaadi_TV.png",Anaadi TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Anaadi_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1729" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Live_7.png",Live 7
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Live_7

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1730" group-title="JTV Entertainment Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Punjab1_TV.png",Punjab1 TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Punjab1_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1731" group-title="JTV News Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/N5TV.png",N5TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=N5TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1733" group-title="JTV News Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ND24.png",ND 24
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ND24

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1734" group-title="JTV Devotional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ek_Onkar.png",Ek Onkar
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ek_Onkar

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1735" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TV9_Bangla.png",TV9 Bangla
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TV9_Bangla

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1736" group-title="JTV Lifestyle English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Luxe_Tv_HD.png",LUXE TV HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Luxe_Tv_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1737" group-title="JTV Music English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Mezzo_HD.png",Mezzo Live HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Mezzo_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1738" group-title="JTV Devotional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Hosanna_TV.png",Hosanna TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Hosanna_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1739" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/V24_TV.png",V24 TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=V24_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1740" group-title="JTV Infotainment Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Purnima_TV.png",Purnima TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Purnima_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1741" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Bharat_AtoZ.png",Bharat AtoZ
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Bharat_AtoZ

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1742" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sanskrit_Ganga_TV.png",Sanskrit Ganga
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sanskrit_Ganga_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1743" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Hornbill_TV.png",Hornbill TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Hornbill_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1755" group-title="JTV News Urdu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/T_TV.png",TTV News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=T_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1757" group-title="JTV News Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/NK_TV.png",NK TV 24x7
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=NK_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1758" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DPK_News.png",DPK News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DPK_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1759" group-title="JTV News Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Buletin_India.png",Buletin India
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Buletin_India

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1761" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aryan_TV_National.png",Aryan TV National
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Aryan_TV_National

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1762" group-title="JTV Entertainment Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Channel_Vision.png",Channel Vision
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Channel_Vision

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1764" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dadabhagwan.png",Dada Bhagwan Foundation
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Dadabhagwan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1765" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Doinandin.png",Doinandin
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Doinandin

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1766" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zorins_TV.png",Zorins TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zorins_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1768" group-title="JTV Infotainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Naaptol.png",Naaptol
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Naaptol

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1769" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/LWA.png",LWA
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=LWA

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1770" group-title="JTV Educational Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Tripura.png",Vande Tripura
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Tripura

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1771" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Express_News.png",Express News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Express_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1772" group-title="JTV Sports Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten_4_HD_Tamil.png",Ten 4 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ten_4_HD_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1774" group-title="JTV Sports Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten_4_Tamil.png",Ten 4
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ten_4_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1777" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Bharat_News.png",Bharat News TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Bharat_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1786" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SamacharExpressTV.png",Samachar Express TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=SamacharExpressTV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1787" group-title="JTV Devotional English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/VISVAS.png",VISVAS
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=VISVAS

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1788" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Yeshuaa.png",Yeshuaa TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Yeshuaa

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1789" group-title="JTV Devotional Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dada_Bhagwan_Foundation_Gujarati.png",Dada Bhagwan Foundation Gujarati
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Dada_Bhagwan_Foundation_Gujarati

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1790" group-title="JTV News Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/VRLive.png",VR Live
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=VRLive

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1791" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/KPNews.png",KP News 24x7
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=KPNews

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1793" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Satta_Express.png",Sattaxpress News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Satta_Express

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1794" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Mangalmaylive.png",Mangalmay Live
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Mangalmaylive

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1795" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Shri_Amarnath_Shrine_Board.png",Shri Amarnathji Shrine Board
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Shri_Amarnath_Shrine_Board

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1796" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Anand_Barta.png",Ananda Barta
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Anand_Barta

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1797" group-title="JTV News Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DA_News_Plus.png",DA News Plus
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DA_News_Plus

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1798" group-title="JTV Entertainment Bhojpuri" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Pasand.png",Pasand
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Pasand

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1799" group-title="JTV Entertainment Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Studio_Yuva_Alpha.png",Studio Yuva Alpha
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Studio_Yuva_Alpha

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1802" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_World_India.png",News World India
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_World_India

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1804" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jan_Setu_TV.png",Jan Setu News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jan_Setu_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1813" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_5.png",Jio Football 5 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Football_5

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1814" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_6.png",Jio Football 6 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Football_6

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1816" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DTV_Bharat.png",DTV Bharat
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DTV_Bharat

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1817" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/NEWS_24_MPCG.png",NEWS 24 MPCG
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=NEWS_24_MPCG

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1823" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_7.png",Jio Football 7 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Football_7

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1824" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_8.png",Jio Football 8 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Football_8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1826" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swarlasika.png",Swaralasika Sangeetalaya
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swarlasika

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1834" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Green_Chillies_TV.png",Green Chillies
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Green_Chillies_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1838" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Devam.png",Devam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Devam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1848" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/AAS_Vidyalaya_State_Boards.png",AAS Vidyalaya State Boards
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=AAS_Vidyalaya_State_Boards

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1849" group-title="JTV Infotainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_At_Dubai_Expo.png",India At Dubai Expo
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=India_At_Dubai_Expo

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1059" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEST3_HD.png",TEST3 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TEST3_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1060" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEST4_HD.png",TEST4 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TEST4_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1061" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEST5_HD.png",TEST5 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TEST5_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1062" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEST6_HD.png",TEST6 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TEST6_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1063" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEST7_HD.png",TEST7 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TEST7_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1148" group-title="JTV Shopping English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEST8_HD.png",TEST8 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TEST8_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1205" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ABP_Ganga.png",ABP Ganga
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ABP_Ganga

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1209" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kalaignar_TV.png",Kalaignar TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kalaignar_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1210" group-title="JTV News Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kalaignar_Seithigal_.png",Kalaignar Seithigal 
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kalaignar_Seithigal_

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1212" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Hare_Krsna_Pravachan.png",Hare Krsna Pravachan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Hare_Krsna_Pravachan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1216" group-title="JTV Kids English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Highbrow.png",Highbrow
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Highbrow

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1217" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/LordShri_Vitthal.png",Lord Shri Vitthal Rukmini
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=LordShri_Vitthal

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1219" group-title="JTV Infotainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Animal_Planet_HD_Tamil.png",Animal Planet HD Tamil
https://jiotvlive.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Animal_Planet_HD_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1220" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Rajyoga_TV.png",Rajyoga TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Rajyoga_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1221" group-title="JTV Devotional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Rajyoga_Malayalam.png",Rajyoga Malayalam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Rajyoga_Malayalam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1222" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/GovindDevji_Jaipur.png",Mandir Shri Govinddevji-Jaipur
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=GovindDevji_Jaipur

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1223" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dagdusheth_Pune.png",Dagdusheth Ganpati - Pune
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Dagdusheth_Pune

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1224" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nimbark.png",Nimbark TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nimbark

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1225" group-title="JTV Lifestyle Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Click_Life.png",Click Life
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Click_Life

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1226" group-title="JTV Kids English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nick_HD_Plus.png",Nick HD+
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nick_HD_Plus

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1228" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ambabai_Temple.png",Ambabai Temple-Kolhapur
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ambabai_Temple

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1229" group-title="JTV Infotainment Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEST9_HD.png",TEST9 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TEST9_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1230" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/VR_360.png",PTC VR
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=VR_360

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1234" group-title="JTV Sports Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_Hindi_HD.png",Jio Football Hindi HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Football_Hindi_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1235" group-title="JTV Sports Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_Tamil_HD.png",Jio Football Tamil HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Football_Tamil_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1236" group-title="JTV Sports Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_Malayalam_HD.png",Jio Football Malayalam HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Football_Malayalam_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1239" group-title="JTV Sports Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_Bangali_HD.png",Jio Football Bengali HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Football_Bangali_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1240" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEST10_HD.png",TEST10 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TEST10_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1241" group-title="JTV Devotional English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/God_TV.png",God TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=God_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1242" group-title="JTV Kids Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sonic_Telugu.png",Sonic Telugu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sonic_Telugu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1243" group-title="JTV Kids Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sonic_Kannada.png",Sonic Kannada
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sonic_Kannada

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1244" group-title="JTV Kids Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nick_Kannada.png",Nick Kannada
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nick_Kannada

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1246" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Tripura_News.png",Headlines Tripura
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Tripura_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1250" group-title="JTV News Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TWENTY_FOUR_NEWS.png",Twenty Four News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TWENTY_FOUR_NEWS

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1251" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TV9_Bharatvarsh.png",TV9 Bharatvarsh
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TV9_Bharatvarsh

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1252" group-title="JTV Infotainment Urdu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEHZEEB_TV.png",Tehzeeb TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TEHZEEB_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1253" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kolkata_LIVE.png",Kolkata Live
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kolkata_LIVE

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1254" group-title="JTV Devotional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aastha_Telugu.png",Aastha Telugu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Aastha_Telugu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1255" group-title="JTV Devotional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aastha_Tamil.png",Aastha Tamil
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Aastha_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1256" group-title="JTV Devotional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aastha_Kannada.png",Aastha Kannada
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Aastha_Kannada

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1257" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Surya_Samachar.png",Surya Samachar
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Surya_Samachar

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1258" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Surya_Cinema.png",Surya Cinema
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Surya_Cinema

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1259" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Surya_Bhakti.png",Surya Bhakti
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Surya_Bhakti

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1260" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CTVN_AKD_Plus.png",Ctvn Akd Plus
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=CTVN_AKD_Plus

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1261" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Calcutta_News.png",Calcutta News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Calcutta_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1263" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Total_Tv_Haryana.png",Total Tv Haryana
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Total_Tv_Haryana

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1264" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kolkata_TV.png",Kolkata TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kolkata_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1265" group-title="JTV Infotainment Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Global_Sanjh.png",Global Sanjh
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Global_Sanjh

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1266" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Bflix_Movies.png",Bflix Movies
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Bflix_Movies

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1267" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/iLove.png",iLove
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=iLove

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1268" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ABZY_Dhakad.png",ABZY Dhakad
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ABZY_Dhakad

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1269" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ABZY_Cool.png",ABZY Cool
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ABZY_Cool

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1270" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ABZY_Movies.png",ABZY Movies
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ABZY_Movies

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1271" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Udupi_Krishna_Temple.png",Sh Krishna Matta Adamaru Paryaya UDUPI
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Udupi_Krishna_Temple

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1273" group-title="JTV Lifestyle Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sugran.png",Sugran
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sugran

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1274" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Studio_One.png",Studio One
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Studio_One

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1276" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Box_Cinema.png",Box Cinema
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Box_Cinema

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1277" group-title="JTV Devotional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nireekshana_TV.png",Nireekshana TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nireekshana_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1278" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Prarthana_Bhawan.png",Prarthana Bhawan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Prarthana_Bhawan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1279" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Manoranjan_Grand.png",Manoranjan Grand
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Manoranjan_Grand

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1280" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Manoranjan_TV.png",Manoranjan TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Manoranjan_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1281" group-title="JTV Movies Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Manoranjan_Movies.png",Manoranjan Movies
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Manoranjan_Movies

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1282" group-title="JTV Movies Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Khusboo_TV.png",Khushboo TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Khusboo_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1283" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Hanuman_Mahavir_Temple.png",Mahavir Mandir Patna
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Hanuman_Mahavir_Temple

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1284" group-title="JTV Devotional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vignesh_TV.PNG",Vignesh TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vignesh_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1286" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Insync.png",Insync
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Insync

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1287" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ANB_News.png",ANB News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ANB_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1288" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Omkareshwar_Temple.png",Shri Omkareshwar Mandir
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Omkareshwar_Temple

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1290" group-title="JTV Lifestyle Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/StarTell.png",Stars Tell
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=StarTell

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1291" group-title="JTV News Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ABP_Sanjha.png",ABP Sanjha
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ABP_Sanjha

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1292" group-title="JTV Lifestyle Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Wellness_TV.png",Wellness
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Wellness_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1293" group-title="JTV News Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Lokshahi_News.png",Lokshahi News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Lokshahi_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1294" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dsports.png",Eurosport
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Dsports

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1295" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/B4U_Kadak.png",B4U Kadak
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=B4U_Kadak

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1296" group-title="JTV Movies Bhojpuri" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/B4U_Bhojpuri.png",B4U Bhojpuri
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=B4U_Bhojpuri

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1297" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TV_Bangla.png",TV Bangla
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TV_Bangla

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1299" group-title="JTV Entertainment Odia" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Manjari_TV.png",Manjari TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Manjari_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1315" group-title="JTV Devotional English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/HHDL.png",HHDL
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=HHDL

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1316" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Iskon_Temples_New.png",ISKCON Darshan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Iskon_Temples_New

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1317" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sri_Patna_Sahib.png",Takht Sri Patna Sahib - Patna
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sri_Patna_Sahib

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1325" group-title="JTV Entertainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Infinity_SD.png",Colors Infinity SD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Infinity_SD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1327" group-title="JTV Entertainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Comedy_Central_SD.png",Comedy Central SD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Comedy_Central_SD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1338" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/RT_TV.png",RT TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=RT_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1393" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Wah.png",Sony Wah
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_Wah

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1396" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_SD.png",Sony SD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_SD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1405" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/NHK_World_Japan.png",NHK World Japan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=NHK_World_Japan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1408" group-title="JTV News Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Reporter_TV.png",Reporter TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Reporter_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1411" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SongDew_TV.png",SongDew TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=SongDew_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1412" group-title="JTV Devotional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Shani_Shingnapur.png",Shani Shingnapur
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Shani_Shingnapur

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1414" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Prati_Shirdi_Saibaba.png",Prati Shirdi Saibaba
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Prati_Shirdi_Saibaba

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1415" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ganga_Darshan_Varanasi.png",Ganga Darshan Varanasi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ganga_Darshan_Varanasi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1416" group-title="JTV Devotional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ashtavinayak_Ozar.png",Ashtavinayak Ozar
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ashtavinayak_Ozar

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1417" group-title="JTV Devotional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SVBC2.png",SVBC2
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=SVBC2

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1418" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ichhapuran_Balaji_Rajasthan.png",Ichhapuran Balaji Rajasthan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ichhapuran_Balaji_Rajasthan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1419" group-title="JTV Devotional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Iskon_Girgaon.png",Iskon Girgaon
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Iskon_Girgaon

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1420" group-title="JTV Devotional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ashtavinayak_Ranjangaon.png",Ashtavinayak Ranjangaon
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ashtavinayak_Ranjangaon

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1421" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Karani_Mata_Rajasthan.png",Karani Mata Rajasthan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Karani_Mata_Rajasthan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1422" group-title="JTV Devotional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Mahalaxmi_Mumbai.png",Mahalaxmi Mumbai
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Mahalaxmi_Mumbai

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1423" group-title="JTV Devotional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Babulnaath_Mumbai.png",Babulnaath Mumbai
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Babulnaath_Mumbai

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1424" group-title="JTV Devotional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Mumbadevi_Mumbai.png",Mumbadevi Mumbai
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Mumbadevi_Mumbai

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1425" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/1Sports.png",1Sports
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=1Sports

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1426" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Santvani.png",Santvani
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Santvani

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1427" group-title="JTV News Odia" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nandighosha.png",Nandighosha
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nandighosha

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1430" group-title="JTV Kids Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_KIDS.png",Jio KIDS
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_KIDS

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1431" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/BBC_Hindi.png",BBC News Hindi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=BBC_Hindi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1432" group-title="JTV News Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TIME8.png",TIME8
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TIME8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1438" group-title="JTV Devotional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Velukkudi_Discourses.png",Velukkudi Discourses
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Velukkudi_Discourses

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1440" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Krishna_Vani.png",Krishna Vani
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Krishna_Vani

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1441" group-title="JTV Music Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Wah_Punjabi.png",Wah Punjabi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Wah_Punjabi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1444" group-title="JTV Infotainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/YTV_INDIA.png",YTV India
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=YTV_INDIA

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1450" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Rishtey_Cineplex.png",Rishtey Cineplex
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Rishtey_Cineplex

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1451" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/9_Bharat_Samachar.png",9 Bharat Samachar
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=9_Bharat_Samachar

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1452" group-title="JTV Movies Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Shemaroo_MarathiBana.png",Shemaroo MarathiBana
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Shemaroo_MarathiBana

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1453" group-title="JTV Music Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Balle_Balle_TV.png",Balle Balle TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Balle_Balle_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1454" group-title="JTV Devotional Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Shiksha_TV.png",Shiksha TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Shiksha_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1455" group-title="JTV Infotainment Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Janapriyam_News.png",Janapriyam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Janapriyam_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1457" group-title="JTV News Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_Only.png",News Only
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_Only

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1458" group-title="JTV Devotional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Gurkebaani.png",Gurkibani
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Gurkebaani

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1463" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Moti_Doongri.png",Shree Ganesh - Moti Doongri Jaipur
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Moti_Doongri

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1464" group-title="JTV Infotainment Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Daijiworld_TV_24X7.png",Daijiworld TV 24x7
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Daijiworld_TV_24X7

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1471" group-title="JTV Infotainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/History_TV18_SD.png",History TV18 SD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=History_TV18_SD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1475" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEST11_HD.png",TEST11 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TEST11_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1477" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Color_Cineplex_HD.png",Colors Cineplex HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Color_Cineplex_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1479" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nakoda_Temple.png",Shri Jain Nakoda Parshwanath Tirth
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nakoda_Temple

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1494" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Bhoomi_TV.png",BHOOMI 24x7
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Bhoomi_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1514" group-title="JTV Entertainment Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kannur_one.png",Kannur One
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kannur_one

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1515" group-title="JTV News Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_J.png",News J
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_J

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1525" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEST13_HD.png",TEST13 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TEST13_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1528" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Network_10.png",Network 10
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Network_10

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1530" group-title="JTV Movies English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Pix_SD.png",Sony Pix SD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_Pix_SD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1534" group-title="JTV Infotainment Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/World_Punjab.png",World  Punjabi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=World_Punjab

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1535" group-title="JTV Entertainment Bhojpuri" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Surya_Bhojpuri.png",Surya Bhojpuri
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Surya_Bhojpuri

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1537" group-title="JTV Devotional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/RadheKrishna_TV.png",RadheKrishna TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=RadheKrishna_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1538" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Samachar_Today.png",Samachar Today
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Samachar_Today

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1539" group-title="JTV Devotional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sangat_TV.png",Sangat TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sangat_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1543" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Subharti.png",Subharti
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Subharti

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1544" group-title="JTV Educational Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Shiksha_Darshan.png",Shiksha Darshan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Shiksha_Darshan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1550" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/AB_News.png",AB News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=AB_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1555" group-title="JTV News Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_First.png",News First
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_First

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1596" group-title="JTV Lifestyle English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MY_ZEN_HD.png",MY ZEN HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=MY_ZEN_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1603" group-title="JTV Entertainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/HitsIndia_HD.png",HITS HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=HitsIndia_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1632" group-title="JTV Movies Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Kannada_Cinema.png",Colors Kannada Cinema
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Kannada_Cinema

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1763" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Cineplex_Bollywood.png",Colors Cineplex Bollywood
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Cineplex_Bollywood

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1780" group-title="JTV Kids English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Hoopla_Kids_TV.png",Hoopla Kidz TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Hoopla_Kids_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1827" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aakash_EduTV_NEET.png",Aakash EduTV NEET
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Aakash_EduTV_NEET

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1847" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Harpal_TV.png",Harpal TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Harpal_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1850" group-title="JTV Devotional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SVBC.png",SVBC
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=SVBC

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1851" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aakash_EduTV_JEE.png",Aakash EduTV JEE
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Aakash_EduTV_JEE

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1853" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News11_Bharat.png",News11 Bharat
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News11_Bharat

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1854" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/STV_Haryana_News.png",STV Haryana News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=STV_Haryana_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1855" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/NL_TV.png",NL TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=NL_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1856" group-title="JTV News Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_Time_Assam.png",News Time Assam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_Time_Assam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1858" group-title="JTV Devotional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SVBC3.png",SVBC3
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=SVBC3

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1859" group-title="JTV Devotional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SVBC4.png",SVBC4
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=SVBC4

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1868" group-title="JTV Entertainment Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Punjab_Plus.png",Punjab Plus
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Punjab_Plus

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1869" group-title="JTV News Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kenson_News.png",Kenson News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kenson_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1871" group-title="JTV Music Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/7X_Music.png",7X Music
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=7X_Music

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1872" group-title="JTV Kids English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dreamworks.png",DreamWorks
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Dreamworks

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1881" group-title="JTV Entertainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/E_NBCU.png",E!
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=E_NBCU

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1882" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEST15_HD.png",TEST15 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TEST15_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1883" group-title="JTV Kids Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Pogo_Telugu.png",Pogo Telugu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Pogo_Telugu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1885" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kripa_TV.png",Kripa TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kripa_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1886" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sansad_TV_RajyaSabha.png",Sansad TV Rajya Sabha
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sansad_TV_RajyaSabha

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1888" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jivan_TV.png",Jivan TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jivan_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1889" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Sports_1_HD.png",Jio Sports 1 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Sports_1_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1890" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Sports_2_HD.png",Jio Sports 2 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Sports_2_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1891" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Tribe_TV.png",Tribe TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Tribe_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1894" group-title="JTV Educational Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Padhega_Bharat.png",Padhega Bharat
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Padhega_Bharat

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1895" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Today_24_News.png",Today 24 News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Today_24_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1896" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_Flash.png",News Flash
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_Flash

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1897" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Pulse_24.png",Pulse 24
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Pulse_24

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1898" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/GBN24.png",GBN24
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=GBN24

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1899" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/VK_News.png",VK News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=VK_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1900" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ENB.png",Express News Bharat
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ENB

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1901" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Adhyatam_TV.png",Adhyatam TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Adhyatam_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1903" group-title="JTV News Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aaj_Ki_Baat.png",Aaj Ki Baat Gujarati
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Aaj_Ki_Baat

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="438" group-title="JTV Sports Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Cricket_Hindi.png",Jio Cricket Hindi HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Cricket_Hindi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeecinemahd" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeecinemahd/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_167952257.png",Zee Cinema HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeecinemahd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeecinemalu" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie te" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeecinemalu/channel_web/1170x658_1642453232.png",Zee Cinemalu HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeecinemalu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-tvpictureshd" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-tvpictureshd/channel_web/1170x658withlog1476130363.png",&Pictures HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=tvpictureshd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeetalkies" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeetalkies/channel_web/1170x658_483062857.png",Zee Talkies HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeetalkies
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeeanmolcinema" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeeanmolcinema/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1721007595.png",Zee Anmol Cinema
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeeanmolcinema
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeeclassic" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeeclassic/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_218202605.png",Zee Bollywood
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeeclassic
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeecinema" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeecinema/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_807278654.png",Zee Cinema
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeecinema
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-pictures" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-pictures/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1269578414.png",&Pictures
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=pictures
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeeaction" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeeaction/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1953200347.png",Zee Action
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeeaction
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-privéhd" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-privéhd/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_375086496.png",&Prive HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=privéhd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-channel_2105335046" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-channel_2105335046/channel_web/1170x658_379547401.png",&flix HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=channel_2105335046
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-176" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-176/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_673971588.png",Zee Classic
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=176
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-209" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-209/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_358457080.png",&xplorHD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=209
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-216" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-216/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_20909261.png",Zee Biskope
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=216
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-224" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie ta" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-224/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_334138193.png",Zee Thirai
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=224
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-394" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-394/channel_web/1170x658717187404.png",Zee Chitramandir
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=394
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-259" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-259/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_382506495.png",TV9 Kannada
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=259
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-201" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-201/channel_web/1170x658_503553443.png",Suvarna News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=201
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-indiatoday" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-indiatoday/channel_web/indiatoday117068cdd35c1f2245f4ac08b7861011f5c5.png",India Today
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=indiatoday
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-258" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News te" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-258/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_100879400.png",TV9 Telugu
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=258
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeenews" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeenews/channel_web/zeenews117067d69647227c42c799c106b95e75863b.png",Zee News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeenews
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-channel_1422341819" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-channel_1422341819/channel_web/rtv11706704bf3a67124226957ff6c042a1cac3.png",Republic TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=channel_1422341819
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-wion" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-wion/channel_web/wion117072b948c43ee4429da75fb2754e57dea1.png",WION
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=wion
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-257" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-257/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1579827656.png",TV9 Marathi
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=257
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-203" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News ta" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-203/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1911071689.png",Polimer News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=203
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-306" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News ta" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-306/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1787137922.png",Vendhar TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=306
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-222" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News te" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-222/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_273514222.png",TV5 News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=222
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-270" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-270/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_688844399.png",Saam TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=270
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeepunjabharyanahima" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeepunjabharyanahima/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1111951312.png",Zee Punjab Haryana Himachal Pradesh
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeepunjabharyanahima
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-162" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-162/channel_web/rbharat1170b53c8b2d8aa8433bb3241a03d73320f8.png",Republic Bharat
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=162
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-aajtak" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-aajtak/channel_web/aajtak1170d58dada7cd7d49beb33cf3b6fe07c19d.png",Aaj Tak
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=aajtak
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-282" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-282/channel_web/indiatv11700e1f122838044fcb8772b2a43b655b6b.png",India TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=282
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-251" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-251/channel_web/tv9bharatvarsh117026292d6aba054bf79a6df9bb58faac64.png",TV9 Bharatvarsh
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=251
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-170" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-170/channel_web/newsnation117075a8d0c62a5e4179b3e74725dfb0ea94.png",News Nation
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=170
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeebusiness" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeebusiness/channel_web/zeebusiness1170bdf4358f037248ab8ca4921d5027751a.png",Zee Business
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeebusiness
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-206" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-206/channel_web/e24newslogo1170df2a109f270348169e905ac0c4f09e70.png",News24
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=206
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-260" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News gu" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-260/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1673213675.png",TV9 Gujarati
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=260
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zee24kalak" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News gu" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zee24kalak/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1335796285.png",Zee 24 Kalak
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zee24kalak
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zee24taas" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zee24taas/channel_web/zee24taas11706b837cd38a8f47239f5662d3b65773a8.png",Zee 24 Taas
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zee24taas
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-255" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-255/channel_web/gnt117056e68f21cd674630b6487d561a45c4c5.png",Good News Today
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=255
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeehindustan" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeehindustan/channel_web/zeehindustan1170b72d976bed824d51b90afa25e47e06bf.png",Zee Hindustan
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeehindustan
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeebiharjharkhand" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeebiharjharkhand/channel_web/zeebiharjharkhand117066bbcb82e7984318b78491ad848b6515.png",Zee Bihar Jharkhand
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeebiharjharkhand
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-171" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-171/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_217868396.png",News State Uttar Pradesh Uttrakhand
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=171
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-24ghantatv" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News bn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-24ghantatv/channel_web/zee24ghanta144006057109b4094870a564bb8291205b45.png",24 Ghanta
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=24ghantatv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeekalinganews" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News or" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeekalinganews/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1893514287.png",Zee Odisha
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeekalinganews
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeerajasthannews" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeerajasthannews/channel_web/1170x658withlog1709739390.png",Zee Rajasthan News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeerajasthannews
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeemadhyapradeshchat" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeemadhyapradeshchat/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_823530713.png",Zee Madhya Pradesh Chhattisgarh
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeemadhyapradeshchat
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-chardiklatimetvtimet" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-chardiklatimetvtimet/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1413076946.png",Chardikla Time TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=chardiklatimetvtimet
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddnews" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddnews/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_72275493.png",DD News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddnews
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddindia" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddindia/channel_web/ddindia1170ae75e0a939e941e6ada075a7420c4524.png",DD India
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddindia
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddkisan" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddkisan/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_579794123.png",DD Kisan
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddkisan
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeesalaam" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeesalaam/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1866029228.png",Zee Salaam
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeesalaam
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddyadagiri" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News te" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddyadagiri/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_671555942.png",DD Yadagiri
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddyadagiri
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-channel_265145625" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-channel_265145625/channel_web/zeeupuk1170a954f4baf4b74e42808140f08e16b5a3.png",Zee News Uttar Pradesh Uttrakhand
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=channel_265145625
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-172" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-172/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1325098382.png",News State Madhya Pradesh Chhattisgarh
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=172
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-200" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News ml" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-200/channel_web/pgsureshkumarne_1752938193.png",Asianet News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=200
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-227" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-227/channel_web/1170x658_1957432816.png",TV5 Kannada
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=227
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-272" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-272/channel_web/indianews1170d2ca4d94bc1b452f917352338962e8b8.png",India News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=272
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-273" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-273/channel_web/newsx11708c0a9068c9f94a20a0ebefbe95a42f98.png",News X
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=273
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-274" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-274/channel_web/1170x658withlogo212610744.png",India News Punjabi Himachal
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=274
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-275" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-275/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1850271375.png",India News UP
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=275
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-276" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-276/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_324814827.png",India News Rajasthan
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=276
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-277" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-277/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1336270103.png",India News MP
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=277
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-278" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-278/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1582071351.png",India News Haryana
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=278
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-279" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News gu" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-279/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_1805050.png",India News Gujarat
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=279
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-280" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-280/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1639808461.png",NE News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=280
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-305" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-305/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_941446093.png",Living India
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=305
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-310" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-310/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1667539974.png",Prag News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=310
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-313" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-313/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_142056468.png",Sadhna Plus News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=313
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-314" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-314/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_171386133.png",VIP News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=314
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-317" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-317/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1346638136.png",TIME8
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=317
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-319" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-319/channel_web/1170x658withlog_2140696542.png",Sadhna News MP/CG
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=319
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-354" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-354/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1425324314.png",Bharat Samachar
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=354
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-355" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News te" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-355/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_719952414.png",ABN Andhra Jyothy
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=355
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-356" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-356/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1495734600.png",News First
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=356
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-371" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News te" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-371/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_203787503.png",10TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=371
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-377" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-377/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1939892250.png",BTV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=377
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-378" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News bn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-378/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1900210183.png",TV9 Bangla
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=378
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-383" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-383/channel_web/1170x658_1535320119.png",Sudarshan TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=383
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-384" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-384/channel_web/1170x658_1283511414.png",Dainik Savera
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=384
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-385" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-385/channel_web/1170x658_1634325786.png",C News Bharat
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=385
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-386" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-386/channel_web/1170x658_1866825600.png",TV 100
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=386
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-387" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-387/channel_web/1170x658_1072460698.png",AB Star News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=387
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-388" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-388/channel_web/1170x658_290485787.png",Sanjhi Soch
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=388
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-389" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-389/channel_web/euronews117070476f8dd3d5433c8b4246c6edf5c1c1.png",Euro News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=389
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-390" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-390/channel_web/africanews11700c3b45e62ec84be48b77cd207df81479.png",Africa News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=390
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-398" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-398/channel_web/abpnews1170090c9867faf143d7b78f6b5d49a566ba.png",ABP News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=398
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-399" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-399/channel_web/1170x658_1777650730.png",ABP Ganga
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=399
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-400" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-400/channel_web/1170x658_111747038.png",ABP Majha
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=400
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-402" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News bn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-402/channel_web/1170x658_916167039.png",ABP Ananda
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=402
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-403" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News gu" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-403/channel_web/1170x658_395672680.png",ABP Asmita
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=403
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-404" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-404/channel_web/1170x658_1764620565.png",ABP Sanjha
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=404
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-407" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News as" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-407/channel_web/1170x658_671581899.png",News Time Assam
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=407
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-408" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News as" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-408/channel_web/1170x658_527636606.png",ND24
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=408
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-410" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News te" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-410/channel_web/1170x658_739766421.png",CVR News Telugu
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=410
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-411" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-411/channel_web/cvrenglish1170c341c1cb689247d9880a8968e024edd2.png",CVR English
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=411
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-413" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-413/channel_web/1170x658_92722619.png",Pratidin Time
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=413
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-417" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-417/channel_web/1170x658_560606826.png",News1 India
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=417
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-418" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News te" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-418/channel_web/1170x658_1377677687.png",V6
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=418
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-423" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-423/channel_web/1170x658_1426309917.png",Newsmax
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=423
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-424" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-424/channel_web/1170x658_439820624.png",Ticker News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=424
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-425" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News ml" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-425/channel_web/1170x658_220005254.png",Media One
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=425
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-430" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News ml" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-430/channel_web/sarath_1170.png",Kairali News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=430
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-431" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News bn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-431/channel_web/rbangla_1170.png",Republic Bangla
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=431
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-9z583386" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-9z583386/channel_web/timesnownavbharat117041f74f15592743eab48d343f0227d655.png",Times Now Navbharat
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=9z583386
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-bigmagic_1786965389" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-bigmagic_1786965389/channel_web/1170x658withlog_2022520414.png",Big Magic
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=bigmagic_1786965389
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeetvhd" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeetvhd/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1554775145.png",Zee TV HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeetvhd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-tvhd_0" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-tvhd_0/channel_web/1170x658withlogo378606665.png",&TV HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=tvhd_0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeemarathi" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeemarathi/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_551054149.png",Zee Marathi HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeemarathi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeeyuva" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeeyuva/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_361849131.png",Zee Yuva
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeeyuva
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeecafehd" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeecafehd/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_325698699.png",Zee Café HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeecafehd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-bigganga" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-bigganga/channel_web/1170x658_1735687172.png",Zee Ganga
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=bigganga
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeetamil" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment ta" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeetamil/channel_web/1170x658_1250786368.png",Zee Tamil HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeetamil
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeetelugu" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment te" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeetelugu/channel_web/1170x658_593933473.png",Zee Telugu HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeetelugu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeekannada" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeekannada/channel_web/1170x658_611455469.png",Zee Kannada HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeekannada
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-129" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment ml" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-129/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_268830785.png",Zee Keralam HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=129
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeebangla" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment bn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeebangla/channel_web/1170x658_310781121.png",Zee Bangla HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeebangla
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeeanmol" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeeanmol/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1844143347.png",Zee Anmol
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeeanmol
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeebanglacinema" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment bn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeebanglacinema/channel_web/1170x658withlog1238879598.png",Zee Bangla Cinema
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeebanglacinema
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-215" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-215/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1031170304.png",Zee Punjabi
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=215
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddodia" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment or" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddodia/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1372768736.png",DD Odia
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddodia
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-165" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-165/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1849594732.png",Boogle Bollywood
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=165
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-channel_2132977507" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-channel_2132977507/channel_web/1170x658withlog1071598760.png",Alpha ETC Punjabi
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=channel_2132977507
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeetv" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeetv/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_200095097.png",Zee TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeetv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-makkaltv" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment ta" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-makkaltv/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_579936187.png",Makkal TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=makkaltv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddpodhigai" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment ta" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddpodhigai/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1550486077.png",DD Podhigai
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddpodhigai
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddmalayalam" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment ml" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddmalayalam/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1300475155.png",DD Malayalam
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddmalayalam
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddbangla" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment bn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddbangla/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1242891543.png",DD Bangla
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddbangla
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddchandana" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddchandana/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_222569298.png",DD Chandana
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddchandana
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-sarthaktv" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment or" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-sarthaktv/channel_web/1170x658withlog1150431941.png",Zee Sarthak
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=sarthaktv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddsahyadri" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddsahyadri/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1078376781.png",DD Sahyadri
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddsahyadri
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddgirnar" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment gu" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddgirnar/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1445842484.png",DD Girnar
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddgirnar
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddurdu" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddurdu/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1440959247.png",DD Urdu
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddurdu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddrajasthanjaipur" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddrajasthanjaipur/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1491909175.png",DD Rajasthan
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddrajasthanjaipur
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddbharati" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddbharati/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1749264623.png",DD Bharati
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddbharati
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddmadhyapradesh" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddmadhyapradesh/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1218231157.png",DD Madhya Pradesh
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddmadhyapradesh
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddbihar" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddbihar/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1865440648.png",DD Bihar
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddbihar
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-dduttarpradesh" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-dduttarpradesh/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1445486903.png",DD Uttar Pradesh
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=dduttarpradesh
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddpunjabi" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddpunjabi/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1007647800.png",DD Punjabi
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddpunjabi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-241" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-241/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1692640342.png",Zee Picchar
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=241
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-250" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-250/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_436360213.png",DD National HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=250
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-322" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment as" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-322/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1602476580.png",Rengoni
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=322
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-434" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-434/channel_web/1170x658zee5ki682000421.png",Live Test Global
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=434
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-24ghantatv" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News bn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-24ghantatv/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_644392845.png",24 Ghanta
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=24ghantatv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeebangla" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment bn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeebangla/channel_web/1170x658_310781121.png",Zee Bangla HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeebangla
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeebanglacinema" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment bn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeebanglacinema/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1238879598.png",Zee Bangla Cinema
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeebanglacinema
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-channel_1144658965" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Devotional hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-channel_1144658965/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1152304152.png",Sanskar TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=channel_1144658965
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-327" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Devotional hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-327/channel_web/1170x658withlog_2031259137.png",Shubh TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=327
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-channel_1565694979" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Devotional hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-channel_1565694979/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_66703857.png",Satsang TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=channel_1565694979
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-divyatv" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Devotional hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-divyatv/channel_web/1170x658withlog_2128007300.png",Divya TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=divyatv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-166" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Devotional hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-166/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_450865576.png",Krishna Vani
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=166
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-183" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Devotional hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-183/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1124442022.png",Hare Krsna
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=183
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-284" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Devotional hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-284/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_844800250.png",Sadhna TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=284
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-285" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Devotional hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-285/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1126976137.png",Ishwar  TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=285
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-316" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Devotional hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-316/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1836335736.png",Awakening
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=316
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-345" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Devotional pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-345/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_361016754.png",Ek Onkar
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=345
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-412" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Devotional hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-412/channel_web/1170x658_1626283630.png",Devam
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=412
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-433" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Drama ta" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-433/channel_web/tamil1170x658list4c7c6f75527743cd929bed695fb6c96e.png",ZCL 2022 Tamil
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=433
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-wion" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-wion/channel_web/wionpalkisharmaupadhyay.png",WION
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=wion
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-273" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-273/channel_web/1170x658withlog_2139188797.png",News X
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=273
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-389" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-389/channel_web/1170x658_1189289223.png",Euro News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=389
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-170" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-170/channel_web/1170x658withlog_2090292605.png",News Nation
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=170
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-171" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-171/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_217868396.png",News State Uttar Pradesh Uttrakhand
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=171
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-172" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-172/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1325098382.png",News State Madhya Pradesh Chhattisgarh
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=172
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-260" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News gu" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-260/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1673213675.png",TV9 Gujarati
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=260
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zee24kalak" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News gu" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zee24kalak/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1335796285.png",Zee 24 Kalak
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zee24kalak
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-163" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Devotional gu" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-163/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_382762389.png",Shiksha TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=163
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddgirnar" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment gu" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddgirnar/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1445842484.png",DD Girnar
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddgirnar
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeecinemahd" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeecinemahd/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_167952257.png",Zee Cinema HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeecinemahd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-tvpictureshd" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-tvpictureshd/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1476130363.png",&Pictures HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=tvpictureshd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeeanmolcinema" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeeanmolcinema/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1721007595.png",Zee Anmol Cinema
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeeanmolcinema
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeeclassic" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeeclassic/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_218202605.png",Zee Bollywood
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeeclassic
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeecinema" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeecinema/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_807278654.png",Zee Cinema
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeecinema
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-pictures" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-pictures/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1269578414.png",&Pictures
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=pictures
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeeaction" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeeaction/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1953200347.png",Zee Action
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeeaction
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-176" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-176/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_673971588.png",Zee Classic
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=176
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-170" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-170/channel_web/1170x658withlog_2090292605.png",News Nation
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=170
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-171" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-171/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_217868396.png",News State Uttar Pradesh Uttrakhand
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=171
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-172" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-172/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1325098382.png",News State Madhya Pradesh Chhattisgarh
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=172
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-163" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Devotional gu" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-163/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_382762389.png",Shiksha TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=163
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-259" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-259/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_382506495.png",TV9 Kannada
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=259
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-201" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-201/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1629853975.png",Suvarna News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=201
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeekannada" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeekannada/channel_web/1170x658_611455469.png",Zee Kannada HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeekannada
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddchandana" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddchandana/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_222569298.png",DD Chandana
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddchandana
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-227" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-227/channel_web/1170x658_1957432816.png",TV5 Kannada
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=227
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-241" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-241/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1692640342.png",Zee Picchar
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=241
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-356" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-356/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1495734600.png",News First
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=356
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-377" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-377/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1939892250.png",BTV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=377
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-207" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Lifestyle hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-207/channel_web/09207e24_list.png",E24
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=207
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-348" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Lifestyle en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-348/channel_web/1170x658withlog_2096037619.png",Zee Zest HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=348
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-271" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Lifestyle mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-271/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1625066572.png",Sugran TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=271
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-392" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Lifestyle en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-392/channel_web/1170x658_11759167.png",Fashion TV Mumbai
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=392
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-393" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Lifestyle en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-393/channel_web/1170x658_1715566364.png",Fashion TV Paris
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=393
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-129" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment ml" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-129/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_268830785.png",Zee Keralam HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=129
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddmalayalam" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment ml" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddmalayalam/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1300475155.png",DD Malayalam
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddmalayalam
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-257" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-257/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1579827656.png",TV9 Marathi
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=257
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-270" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-270/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_688844399.png",Saam TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=270
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeemarathi" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeemarathi/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_551054149.png",Zee Marathi HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeemarathi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeeyuva" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeeyuva/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_361849131.png",Zee Yuva
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeeyuva
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeetalkies" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeetalkies/channel_web/1170x658_483062857.png",Zee Talkies HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeetalkies
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-134" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Music mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-134/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1510286564.png",9X Jhakaas
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=134
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddsahyadri" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddsahyadri/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1078376781.png",DD Sahyadri
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddsahyadri
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-271" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Lifestyle mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-271/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1625066572.png",Sugran TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=271
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-353" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Music mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-353/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1434429781.png",Zee Vajwa
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=353
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zing" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Music hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zing/channel_web/1170x658withlogo895666865.png",Zing
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zing
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-165" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-165/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1849594732.png",Boogle Bollywood
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=165
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-296" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Music en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-296/channel_web/1170x658_419268810.png",Non-stop EDM
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=296
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-353" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Music mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-353/channel_web/1170x658withlog1434429781.png",Zee Vajwa
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=353
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-375" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Music hv" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-375/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_976067553.png",Haryanvi Hits
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=375
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-376" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Music pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-376/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1062825349.png",Wah Punjabi
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=376
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeekalinganews" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News or" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeekalinganews/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1893514287.png",Zee Odisha
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeekalinganews
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddodia" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment or" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddodia/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1372768736.png",DD Odia
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddodia
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeepunjabharyanahima" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeepunjabharyanahima/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1111951312.png",Zee Punjab Haryana Himachal Pradesh
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeepunjabharyanahima
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-215" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-215/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1031170304.png",Zee Punjabi
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=215
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-chardiklatimetvtimet" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-chardiklatimetvtimet/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1413076946.png",Chardikla Time TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=chardiklatimetvtimet
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-132" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Music pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-132/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_790675165.png",9X Tashan
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=132
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-channel_2132977507" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment pu" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-channel_2132977507/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1071598760.png",Alpha ETC Punjabi
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=channel_2132977507
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddpunjabi" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddpunjabi/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1007647800.png",DD Punjabi
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddpunjabi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-274" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-274/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_212610744.png",India News Punjabi Himachal
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=274
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-305" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-305/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_941446093.png",Living India
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=305
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-384" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-384/channel_web/1170x658_1283511414.png",Dainik Savera
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=384
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-388" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-388/channel_web/1170x658_290485787.png",Sanjhi Soch
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=388
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-428" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Sports hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-428/channel_web/zeenewssudhirchaudhary21.png",Internal VE Test
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=428
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-429" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Sports en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-429/channel_web/english1170x658listdd79ff2b2a6c46d2b1b3e79f3042d32f.png",ZCL 2022 English
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=429
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-432" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Sports hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-432/channel_web/hindi1170x658list5a3eac986b6d49d082e861e5eb13a4fc.png",ZCL 2022 Hindi
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=432
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-306" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News ta" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-306/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1787137922.png",Vendhar TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=306
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeetamil" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment ta" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeetamil/channel_web/1170x658_1250786368.png",Zee Tamil HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeetamil
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-makkaltv" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment ta" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-makkaltv/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_579936187.png",Makkal TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=makkaltv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddpodhigai" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment ta" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddpodhigai/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1550486077.png",DD Podhigai
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddpodhigai
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-258" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News te" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-258/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_100879400.png",TV9 Telugu
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=258
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeetelugu" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment te" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeetelugu/channel_web/1170x658_593933473.png",Zee Telugu HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeetelugu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeecinemalu" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie te" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeecinemalu/channel_web/1170x658_1642453232.png",Zee Cinemalu HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeecinemalu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-355" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News te" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-355/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_719952414.png",ABN Andhra Jyothy
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=355
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-371" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News te" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-371/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_203787503.png",10TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=371

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY SET HD
https://bit.ly/3fKTNU8seTHd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY SAB HD
https://bit.ly/3fBsABhd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY PAL
https://bit.ly/30a3wsONyPal
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY MARATHI
https://bit.ly/32JsoNYMaraTHi
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY AATH
https://bit.ly/2ORsONyaAaTh
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY YAY HIN
https://bit.ly/2WmsoNYYaY
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY MAX HD
https://bit.ly/32bsOnymAXhd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY MAX 2
https://bit.ly/30dsoNYmaX2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY WAH
https://bit.ly/3j7sOnywAh
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY PIX HD
https://bit.ly/32sOnypIXhd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY TEN 1 HD
https://bit.ly/2B9tEN1hd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY TEN 2 HD
https://bit.ly/2DOtEN2hd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY TEN 3 HD
https://bit.ly/2OwtEn3hd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY TEN 1
https://bit.ly/2ZtEn1Sd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY TEN 2
https://bit.ly/30teN2sd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY TEN 3
https://bit.ly/2B9teN3sd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY SIX
https://bit.ly/3j8sIx7sd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY SIX HD
https://bit.ly/3h6sIXHd
